Republicans and Democrats have both created our economic problems.
I was thrilled to be back in the Great city of Charlotte, NoThe Unsolicited Mail In Ballot Scam is a major threat to our Democracy, & the Democrats know it. Almost all recent elections using this system, even though much smaller & with far fewer Ballots to count, have ended up being a disaster. Large numbers of missing Ballots & Fraud!
The threshold identification of Ballots is turning out to be even bigger than originally anticipated. A very large number of Ballots are impacted. Stay tuned!
“I’m running as a proud Democrat, for the Senate”. Sleepy Joe Biden today. It’s only going to get worse. It is not sustainable for our County - China will own us!!!!
Nevada is turning out to be a cesspool of Fake Votes. @mschlapp & @AdamLaxalt are finding things that, when released, will be absolutely shocking!
Wisconsin is looking very good. Needs a little time statutorily. Will happen soon! @Reince @SeanDuffyWI
Nobody is showing up for Obama’s hate laced speeches. 47 people! No energy, but still better than Joe!
Pennsylvania prevented us from watching much of the Ballot count. Unthinkable and illegal in this country.
Just landed in Ohio. See you in a little while!
Georgia will be a big presidential win, as it was the night of the Election!
“We’ve seen in the last few months, unprecedented amounts of Voter Fraud.” @SenTedCruz True!
Very good reviews on last night’s @NBCNews Town Hall in Miami. Thank you!!!
Polls numbers are looking very strong. Big crowds, great enthusiasm. Massive RED WAVE coming!!!
Heading to Georgia now. See you soon!
...The worst polling ever, and then they’ll be back in four years to do it again. This is much more then voter and campaign finance suppression!
Landed in Wisconsin. BIG CROWD. On my way!
As I have long said, @Pfizer and the others would only announce a Vaccine after the Election, because they didn’t have the courage to do it before. Likewise, the @US_FDA should have announced it earlier, not for political purposes, but for saving lives!
...ABC/WaPo had me down 17 points in Wisconsin, the day before the election, and I WON! In Iowa, the polls had us 4 points down, and I won by 8.2%! Fox News and Quinnipiac were wrong on everything...
.@FoxNews, @QuinnipiacPoll, ABC/WaPo, NBC/WSJ were so inaccurate with their polls on me, that it really is tampering with an Election. They were so far off in their polling, and in their attempt to suppress - that they should be called out for Election Interference...
Pleased to announce that @KLoeffler & @sendavidperdue have just joined our great #StopTheSteal group of Senators. They will fight the ridiculous Electoral College CeIf Joe Biden were President, you wouldn’t have the Vaccine for another four years, nor would the @US_FDA have ever approved it so quickly. The bureaucracy would have destroyed millions of lives!
The @US_FDA and the Democrats didn’t want to have me get a Vaccine WIN, prior to the election, so instead it came out five days later – As I’ve said all along!
Who will be running for Governor of the Great State of Ohio? Will be hotly contested!
Another Vaccine just announced. This time by Moderna, 95% effective. For those great “historians”, please remember that these great discoveries, which will end the China Plague, all took place on my watch!
The Fake recount going on in Georgia means nothing because they are not allowing signatures to be looked at and verified. Break the unconstitutional Consent Decree!
The Vice President has the power to reject fraudulently chosen electors.
Washington is being inundated with people who don’t want to see an election victory stolen by emboldened Radical Left Democrats. Our Country has had enough, they won’t take it anymore! We hear you (and love you) from the Oval Office. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“President Trump told us for some time we would be getting a Vaccine by the end of the year and people laughed at him, and here we are with Pfizer getting FDA approval by the end of this month. He was right.” @MariaBaI hope the Democrats, and even more impoLawyers now on @newsmax, @OANN & maybe @FoxNews. An open and shut case of voter fraud. Massive numbers!
THE COVID DRUGS NOW AVAILABLE TO MAKE PEOPLE BETTER ARE AMAZING, BUT SELDOM TALKED ABOUT BY THE MEDIA! MoVoter Fraud in Detroit is rampant, and has been for many years!
“Only because of President Trump, we are going to have a Vaccine by the end of the year.” Ronny Jackson, Texas Congressman-Elect
Antifa is a Terrorist Organization, stay out of Washington. Law enforcement is watching you very closely! @DeptofDefense @TheJusticeDept @DHSgov @DHS_Wolf @SecBernhardt @SecretService @FBI
WE ARE MAKING BIG PROGRESS. RESULTS STA“Evidence of voter fraud continues to grow, including 20,000 dead people on the Pennsylvania voters roll and many thousands all over the Country. Now, there has been an aAlmost ZERO ballots rejected in Georgia this election. In years past, close to 4%. Not possible. Must have signature check on envelopes now. Very easy to do. Dems fighting because they got caught. Far more votes than needed for flip. Republicans must get tough! @BrianKempGA
Just saw the vote tabulations. There is NO WAY Biden got 80,000,000 votes!!! This was a 100% RIGGED ELECTION.
WE WILL WIN!
WATCH FOR MASSIVE BALLOT COUNTING ABUSE AND, JUST LIKE THE EARLY VACCINE, REMEMBER I TOLD YOU SO!
BALLOT COUNTING ABUSE!
Looks like they are setting up a big “voter dump” against the Republican candidates. Waiting to see how many votes they need?
Highly Respected Ken Starr: “Pennsylvania’s three-day extension of the mail-in ballot deadline is a Constitutional Travesty.” Legal scholars agree!
Will use these chaWill go down much fuRepublicans, don’t let Andrew McCabe continue to get away with totally criminal activity. What he did should never be allowed to happen to our Country again. FIGHT FOR JUSTICE!
Just happened to have found another 4000 ballots from Fulton County. Here we go!
Ballot Corruption will be exposed tonight at 9:00pmE on @SeanHannity on @FoxNews!
I gave a long news conference today after wishing the military a Happy Thanksgiving, & realized once again that the Fake News Media coordinates so that the real message of such a conference never gets out. Primary point made was that the 2020 Election was RIGGED, and that I WON!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd is so happy with the fake voter tabulation process that he can’t even get the words out straight. Sad to watch!
Twitter is sending out totally false “Trends” that have absolutely nothing to do with what is really trending in the world. They make it up, and only negative “stuff”. Same thing will happen to Twitter as is happening to @FoxNews daytime. Also, big Conservative discrimination!
States want to correct their votes, which they now know were based on irregularities and fraud, plus corrupt process never received legislative approval. All Mike Pence has to do is send them back to the States, AND WE WIN. Do it Mike, this is a time for extreme courage!
We have great suppoFor purposes of National Security, Section 230 must be immediately terminated!!!
“I don’t care what State your in, this computer voting system is wide open to fraud and intervention.” @LouDobbs True, and wait until you see what’s coming!
THE REPUBLICAN PAThey just happened to find 50,000 ballots late last night. The USA is embarrassed by fools. Our Election Process is worse than that of third world countries!
“I don’t care what state you’re in, this computer voting system is wide open to fraud and intervention.” @LouDobbs True, and wait until you see what’s coming!
Wow! Twitter bans highly respected Pennsylvania State Senator Doug Mastriano after he did a great job of leading a hearing on the 2020 Election fraud. They and the Fake News, working together, want to SILENCE THE TRUTH. Can’t let that happen. This is what Communist countries do!
BIG NEWS: Pennsylvania Poll Watcher: USB Drives uploaded to machines, gave Biden thousands of votes. Says 47 USB Drives are now missing. EVERY UPLOAD GAVE BIDEN 50,000 VOTES. @OANN
“President Trump nominates record number of Federal Judges.” @OANN
The States want to redo their votes. They found out they voted on a FRAUD. Legislatures never approved. Let them do it. BE STRONG!
Debate Poll Average: 89% Trump. 11% Sleepy Joe Biden!
Even Mexico uses Voter I.D.
Andrew McCabe was exposed for who he is today in the U.S. Senate. He was totally destroyed - an ignorant fool. The great people of the FBI must make sure that he and his former boss, James Comey, pay the price for what they have done to the reputation of the FBI.
News Conference on Reduced Drug Prices at 2:30 P.M.
“Statistical sampling to prove widespread voter fraud...multiple accounts of fraud and voting irregularities may oveOur Economy is doing great, and is ready to set new records - best ever (Again!). Biden will destroy everything with his massive Tax Increases. Don’t let it happen!!!
...I could not sit by and watch THEM take advantage of YOU anymore. They are coming after me because I am standing in their way, and standing guard for this Country we LOVE!
...For years, I watched one betrayal after another, as politicians like Joe Biden sold out American Workers at every turn—shattering the lives of millions of American families while THEIR families raked in millions of dollars...
Joe Biden is a corrupt politician and he’s COMPROMISED. China is desperate for Biden to win because if Biden Wins, CHINA WINS – and China will OWN AMERICA. This corruption is EXACTLY why I decided to run for President in the first place...
I am asking for everyone at the U.S. Capitol to remain peaceful. No violence! Remember, WE are the PaOn the 37th anniversary of the horrendous attack on our United States Marines, Sailors, and Soldiers in Beirut, we honor the 241 heroes who lost their lives that day. We will NEVER forget them. Semper Fi!
Joe Biden’s response to the H1N1 Swine Flu, far less lethal than Covid 19, was one of the weakest and worst in the history of fighting epidemics and pandemics. It was pathetic, those involved have said. Joe didn’t have a clue!
The Georgia recount is a joke and is being done UNDER PROTEST. Even though thousands of fraudulent votes have been found, the real number is in matching signatures. Governor must open up the unconstitutional Consent Decree and call in the Legislature!
These are the things and events that happen when a sacred landslide election victory is so unceremoniously & viciously stripped away from great patriots who have been badly & unfairly treated for so long. Go home with love & in peace. Remember this day forever!
“The numbers have not improved, it is still 71% out of balance”, stated Wayne County, Michigan, Canvassers. “There is widespread irregularities in poll numbers.” There are “more votes than people”. The two harassed patriot Canvassers refuse to sign the papers!
.@SeanParnellUSA is a bright star for Pennsylvania. Military, Vets, Low Taxes and your 2nd Amendment will be totally protected. His opponent is a weak and ineffective puppet for Pelosi and her new Radical Left friends. Vote for Sean Parnell!
The 75,000,000 great American Patriots who voted for me, AMERICA FIRST, and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will have a GIANT VOICE long into the future. They will not be disrespected or treated unfairly in any way, shape or form!!!
Pennsylvania Ballot “mistakes” made, in my opinion, on purpose by the Democrat Governor, puts Republicans, in paTo all of those who have asked, I will not be going to the Inauguration on January 20th.
I have reversed the ridiculous decision to cancel Wreaths Across America at Arlington National Cemetery. It will now go on!
The recent statement by Chris Krebs on the security of the 2020 Election was highly inaccurate, in that there were massive improprieties and fraud - including dead people voting, Poll Watchers not allowed into polling locations, “glitches” in the voting machines which changed...
Yesterday’s news conference being broadcast in full now on @Newsmax. Enjoy!
Have a GREAT “MAGA-GRAS” Rally today on our wonderful Long Island. Cut Taxes, Stop Crime, VOTE FOR TRUMP. Our City and State are a MESS. What do you have to lose? Thank you!!!
Congratulations to @SenRonJohnson for his dogged pursuit, as Chairman of Homeland, of POLITICAL CORRUPTION!
THEY WOULD’NT LET REPUBLICAN POLL WATCHERS INTO THE COUNTING ROOMS. UNCONSTITUTIONAL!!!
The only thing secure about our 2020 Election was that it was vi...votes from Trump to Biden, late voting, and many more. Therefore, effective immediately, Chris Krebs has been terminated as Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency.
This is true, but much different than repoBiden can only enter the White House as President if he can prove that his ridiculous “80,000,000 votes” were not fraudulently or illegally obtained. When you see what happened in Detroit, Atlanta, Philadelphia & Milwaukee, massive voter fraud, he’s got a big unsolvable problem!
The Fake Pollsters at @ABC/@washingtonpost produced a possibly illegal suppression Poll just before the Election showing me down 17 points in Wisconsin when, in fact, on Election Day, the race was even - & we are now preparing to win the state. Many such “deplorable” instances!
My son Donald is doing very well. Thank you!
A guy named Al Schmidt, a Philadelphia Commissioner and so-called Republican (RINO), is being used big time by the Fake News Media to explain how honest things were with respect to the Election in Philadelphia. He refuses to look at a mountain of corruption & dishonesty. We win!
Congratulations to Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan and Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev, who just agreed to adhere to a cease fire effective at midnight. Many lives will be saved. Proud of my team @SecPompeo & Steve Biegun & @WHNSC for getting the deal done!
The restaurant business is being absolutely decimated. Congress should step up and help. Time is of the essence!
Big voter fraud information coming out concerning Georgia. Stay tuned!
So much credit to all of the brave men and women in state houses who are defending our great Constitution. Thank you!
I am pleased to announce that I have given my full suppo“President Trump has done many great things (biggest tax & regulation cuts in history, Space Force, rebuilding our military, fixing the V.A., the Wall), but perhaps the most impoThe Wisconsin recount is not about finding mistakes in the count, it is about finding people who have voted illegally, and that case will be brought after the recount is over, on Monday or Tuesday. We have found many illegal votes. Stay tuned!
Joe Biden was a total disaster in handling the H1N1 Swine Flu, would never have produced a Vaccine in record time (years ahead of schedule), and would do a terrible job of Vaccine delivery - But doesn’t everybody already know that!
Specific allegations were made, and we have massive proof, in the Pennsylvania case. Some people just don’t want to see it. They want nothing to do with saving our Country. Sad!!!
The number of ballots that our Campaign is challenging in the Pennsylvania case is FAR LARGER than the 81,000 vote margin. It’s not even close. Fraud and illegality ARE a big paNobody wants to repoThe Fake News is not talking about the fact that “Covid” is running wild all over the World, not just in the U.S. I was at the ViSleepy Joe Biden had a very bad showing last night, despite the fact that @GStephanopoulos didn’t ask him any questions on his being a “corrupt politician”. Big Tech & Lamestream Media are working hard to hide this corruption!!!
OBAMAGATE!
$13.9M is heading to New Orleans in @USDOT funding for @NewOrleansFake News always “forgets” to mention that far fewer people are dying when they get Covid. This is do to both our advanced therapeutics, and the gained knowledge of our great doctors, nurses and front line workers!
The Media is just as corrupt as the Election itself!
Will be doing an interview with @MariaBaJust don’t see any way Nancy Pelosi and Cryin’ Chuck Schumer will be willing to do what is right for our great American workers, or our wonderful USA itself, on Stimulus. Their primary focus is BAILING OUT poorly run (and high crime) Democrat cities and states....
...P.S. Tony should stop wearing the Washington Nationals’ Mask for two reasons. Number one, it is not up to the high standards that he should be exposing. Number two, it keeps reminding me that Tony threw out perhaps the worst first pitch in the history of Baseball!
Dr.Tony Fauci says we don’t allow him to do television, and yet I saw him last night on @60Minutes, and he seems to get more aiGREAT news! New government of Sudan, which is making great progress, agreed to pay $335 MILLION to U.S. terror victims and families. Once deposited, I will lift Sudan from the State Sponsors of Terrorism list. At long last, JUSTICE for the American people and BIG step for Sudan!
Heading for Arizona. See you soon!
....There has never been more enthusiasm or spirit, by everyone. Great fun, and so good for our Country. Already winning many states, but not repo@maggieNYT There has never been a time in either of my two Campaigns when I felt we had a stronger chance of winning than we do right now. Early voting repo....the COURAGE to do what has to be done to maintain the integrity of our Elections, and the United States of America itself. THE WORLD IS WATCHING!!!
Last week, Joe Biden made perhaps the most shocking admission ever uttered in the history of presidential debates. On live television, Joe Biden confirmed his plan to ABOLISH the entire U.S. Oil Industry—that means NO fracking, NO jobs, and NO energy for Pennsylvania Families!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Heading for Tucson. See you in a little while. Winning Arizona!
....Washington wants nothing to do with him, and that’s so bad for New York, which has become a ghost town. Andrew spends too much time listening to his brother, Fredo. Forget the books and your apology tour. The Federal Government would love to help New York regain its luster!
Governor Cuomo has shown tremendously poor leadership skills in running N.Y. Bad time for him to be writing and promoting a book, especially since he has done such a poor job with Covid and Crime. So many unnecessary deaths. The City & State have sunk to historic lows...
...Everyone should compare this terrible Electoral Intrusion with the recent interviews of Sleepy Joe Biden!
.@FoxNews Polls are totally FAKE, just like they were in 2016. I am leading in all of the states mentioned, which you will soon see. I thought Fox was getting rid of its pollster. Sadly, it never happened!
....to be around to vote for President Trump.” Over 300 wins and 2 National Championships. Thank you to Florida State for giving us Bobby Bowden!
The GREAT Bobby Bowden, one of the best coaches EVER in College Football, on his full recovery from Covid-19 “....America is the greatest country this side of heaven. I’ve had a chance to get a lot of wins in my life, but I really wanted to win this one because I wanted....
.@60Minutes never asked us for a comment about their ridiculous, one sided story on election security, which is an international joke. Our 2020 Election, from poorly rated Dominion to a Country FLOODED with unaccounted for Mail-In ballots, was probably our least secure EVER!
We have made tremendous progress with the China Virus, but the Fake News refuses to talk about it this close to the Election. COVID, COVID, COVID is being used by them, in total coordination, in order to change our great early election numbers.Should be an election law violation!
“Democrats suffered crushing down-ballot loss across America.” @nytimes. This is true. All statehouses won, and in Washington we did great. So I led this great charge, and I’m the only one that lost? No, it doesn’t work that way. This was a massive fraud, a RIGGED ELECTION!
Three BIG Rallies today. Heading to Pennsylvania. I have plenty to say about the dishonesty of the Media and Sleepy Joe. A terrible coverup is happening in our Country!!!
....WILL APPEAL!!!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We are winning big on the voting numbers. Get out and Vote. Bigger than 2016!!!
...Based on decisions being rendered now, this list is more impoPennsylvania can lead the way, just like it did many years ago. Very impoBig problems and discrepancies with Mail In Ballots all over the USA. Must have final total on November 3rd.
Cases up because we TEST, TEST, TEST. A Fake News Media Conspiracy. Many young people who heal very fast. 99.9%. Corrupt Media conspiracy at all time high. On November 4th., topic will totally change. VOTE!
The Fake News Media is riding COVID, COVID, COVID, all the way to the Election. Losers!
I’m not fighting for me, I’m fighting for the 74,000,000 million people (not including the many Trump ballots that were “tossed”), a record for a sitting President, who voted for me!
....Also, quickly check the number of envelopes versus the number of ballots. You may just find that there are many more ballots than there are envelopes. So simple, and so easy to do. Georgia Republicans are angry, all Republicans are angry. Get it done!
Why won’t Governor @BrianKempGA, the hapless Governor of Georgia, use his emergency powers, which can be easily done, to overrule his obstinate Secretary of State, and do a match of signatures on envelopes. It will be a “goldmine” of fraud, and we will easily WIN the state....
....WILL APPEAL!
It took long enough! What is taking NoThe Great State of Michigan, with votes being far greater than the number of people who voted, cannot ceIn Detroit, there are FAR MORE VOTES THAN PEOPLE. Nothing can be done to cure that giant scam. I win Michigan!
Moderna now applying for Emergency Vaccine Approval.. @US_FDA MUST ACT QUICKLY!!! “Operation Warp Speed has been a great modern day miracle.”
No matter what you give to the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, it will never be enough!
Trump legal team in Arizona and on @OANN now. Big “stuff”. Enjoy!
.@OANN WOW, total election corruption in Arizona. Hearing on now! Why isn’t @FoxNews covering the Arizona hearings?
Arizona hearings on live right now on @OANN. Such total corruption. So sad for our country!
New York, California, Illinois. People are FLEEING, Taxes and Crime are going through the roof. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn it around, and FAST!
Just arrived at ViOther than politics, how do you lose a case where large numbers of voters, far more than you need to flip Pennsylvania, are disenfranchised? Vote Observers thrown out of counting rooms. People going to vote finding out they have already voted through a fake ballot - go home!
...fight, and I believe we will prevail! NeveI want to thank Emily Murphy at GSA for her steadfast dedication and loyalty to our Country. She has been harassed, threatened, and abused – and I do not want to see this happen to her, her family, or employees of GSA. Our case STRONGLY continues, we will keep up the good...
What does GSA being allowed to preliminarily work with the Dems have to do with continuing to pursue our various cases on what will go down as the most corrupt election in American political history? We are moving full speed ahead. Will never concede to fake ballots & “Dominion”.
.@FoxNews daytime ratings have completely collapsed. Weekend daytime even WORSE. Very sad to watch this happen, but they forgot what made them successful, what got them there. They forgot the Golden Goose. The biggest difference between the 2016 Election, and 2020, was @FoxNews!
A judge in Nevada has ordered Clark County officials to allow an inspection of the elections equipment and sealed containers used in the 2020 election by 1:00 P.M. tomorrow. @RichardGrenell @AdamLaxalt @mschlapp
ALL THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA WANTS TO TALK ABOUT IS COVID, COVID, COVID. ON NOVEMBER 4th, YOU WON’T BE HEARING SO MUCH ABOUT IT ANYMORE. WE ARE ROUNDING THE TURN!!!
Must see @seanhannity takedown of the horrible, inaccurate and anything but secure Dominion Voting System which is used in States where tens of thousands of votes were stolen from us and given to Biden. Likewise, the Great @LouDobbs has a confirming and powerful piece!
For years the Dems have been preaching how unsafe and rigged our elections have been. Now they are saying what a wonderful job the Trump Administration did in making 2020 the most secure election ever. Actually this is true, except for what the Democrats did. Rigged Election!
“In Wisconsin, somebody has to be indefinitely confined in order to vote absentee. In the past there were 20,000 people. This past election there were 120,000...and Republicans were locked out of the vote counting process.” @VicToensing @newsmax
Now it is learned that the horrendous Dominion Voting System was used in Arizona (and big in Nevada). No wonder the result was a very close loss!
Will be having a press conference from the Rose Garden in 15 minutes.
Remember, the GSA has been terrific, and Emily Murphy has done a great job, but the GSA does not determine who the next President of the United States will be.
AMERICA FIRST!!!
...This could also be very helpful to @SenDavidPerdue and @SenatorLoeffler. Why is he afraid of Stacey Abrams? We don’t need the ballots — we only need the signed envelopes!
7 DAYS!!!
Hope everybody is watching @OANN right now. Other media afraid to show. People are coming forward like never before. Large truck carrying hundreds of thousands of fraudulent (FAKE) ballots to a voting center? TERRIBLE - SAVE AMERICA!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
BIG VICTORY for patients – Federal couGreat job @DrPaulGosar. Thanks!
Michigan voter fraud hearing going on now!
700,000 ballots were not allowed to be viewed in Philadelphia and Pittsburgh which means, based on our great Constitution, we win the State of Pennsylvania!
Should President Trump concede to Biden? Poll Results: No: 190,593 (98.9%) Yes: 2,181 (1.1%) Total Votes: 192,774. @gregkellyusa @newsmax For the good of our Country we must prevail!
HAPPY EASTER!
Much more “disinformation” coming out of CNN, MSDNC, @nytimes and @washingtonpost, by far, than coming out of any foreign country, even combined. Fake News is the Enemy of the People!
WATCH THE BALLOTS!!!
NEW RECORD FOR NASDAQ!
Georgia Secretary of State, a so-called Republican (RINO), won’t let the people checking the ballots see the signatures for fraud. Why? Without this the whole process is very unfair and close to meaningless. Everyone knows that we won the state. Where is @BrianKempGA?
Thank you to the most incredible people on ea“The worst thing you can do is bet against Donald Trump, considering what has been done against him. They flooded the zone with mail-in ballots. We need every vote counted, and ferociously.” @PeteHegseth @seanhannity
Crazy Bernie Sanders is not a fighter. He gives up too easy! The Dem establishment gets Alfred E. Newman (Mayor Pete) & @amyklobuchar to quit & endorse Sleepy Joe BEFORE Super Tuesday, & gets Pocahontas to stay in the race, taking thousands of votes from Bernie. He would have....
When are the thugs, looters, and anarchists moving out of the so-called “Autonomous Zone” in Seattle? Get going!
Three BIG Rallies today. Lansing, Michigan. West Salem, Wisconsin. Omaha, Nebraska. We are winning all over the place. See you later!!!
.....Therefore, if the very dangerous & unfair Section 230 is not completely terminated as paSection 230, which is a liability shielding gift from the U.S. to “Big Tech” (the only companies in America that have it - corporate welfare!), is a serious threat to our National Security & Election Integrity. Our Country can never be safe & secure if we allow it to stand.....
Corrupt Joe Biden and the Democrats don’t want to open schools in the Fall for political reasons, not for health reasons! They think it will help them in November. Wrong, the people get it!
Until November 4th., Fake News Media is going full on Covid, Covid, Covid. We are rounding the turn. 99.9%.
LAW & ORDER!
Big GDP projected. Pelosi only looking to Bail Out badly run Democrat Cities. Tap, Tap, Taping us along. She has little interest in helping out the “people”.
3% up in Pennsylvania!
Thank you very much to the great @WashTimes for the wonderful Endorsement of the job I have done as President. “His record of achievement in his first term is unmatched by any president in modern times. A second term is likely to bring more successes and a stronger America.”
Top US Pollster and Statistician Richard Baris — People's Pundit — SUSPENDED from Twitter for RepoPardon investigation is Fake News!
Death rate of people going into hospitals is MUCH LOWER now than it was. @MSNBC Wow, MSDNC has come a long way! The fact is that we have learned and done a lot about this Virus. Much different now than when it first arrived on our shores, and the World’s, from China!
Obama is drawing VERY small (tiny) numbers of people. Biden is drawing almost no one. We are drawing tens of thousands of people. You’ll see that again today. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!
The Fake News refuses to repoThe biggest difference between now and 2016 is @FoxNews. They are a whole different deal. Despite this, our campaign is doing much better, with bigger crowds and even more (much!) enthusiasm, than we had in 2016. Big Debate & SCOTUS Win! Real Polls have us winning everywhere!
The “losers & suckers” statement on dead military heroes has been proven to be a total fabrication and lie. IT WAS NEVER MADE! The “anonymous” fabricator, who is a major sleaze, went forward with the lie despite 25 strong witnesses to the contrary. Welcome to the roaring 20’s!
RIGGED ELECTION!
....What are they trying to hide. They know, and so does everyone else. EXPOSE THE CRIME!
Rudy Giuliani is right now on @OANN!
Getting ready to land in Muskegon, Michigan. Another giant crowd. See you soon! #MAGA
SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRY’S HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?
....practically nothing. Both Senators became totally unelectable, couldn’t come even close to winning their primaries, and decided to drop out of politics and gracefully “RETIRE”. @SenSasse could be next, or perhaps the Republicans should find a new and more viable candidate?
Senator Little Ben Sasse of the Great State of Nebraska seems to be heading down the same inglorious path as former Senators Liddle’ Bob Corker, whose approval rating in Tennessee went from 55% to 4%, & Jeff “the Flake” Flake, whose approval rating in Arizona went from 56% to....
...Nomination to run for a second term. Then he went back to his rather stupid and obnoxious ways. Must feel he can’t lose to a Dem. Little Ben is a liability to the Republican PaThe least effective of our 53 Republican Senators, and a person who truly doesn’t have what it takes to be great, is Little Ben Sasse of Nebraska, a State which I have gladly done so much to help. @SenSasse was as nice as a RINO can be until he recently won the Republican....
The Consent Decree signed by the Georgia Secretary of State, with the approval of Governor @BrianKempGA, at the urging of @staceyabrams, makes it impossible to check & match signatures on ballots and envelopes, etc. They knew they were going to cheat. Must expose real signatures!
Getting ready to speak in Florida. Enjoy!
I will be speaking before a very impoBiden made another big mistake. He totally mixed up two Crime Bills. Didn’t have a clue (as usual!). Also, he freely used the term SUPER PREDATOR!!!
Now @FoxNews is playing Obama’s no crowd, fake speech for Biden, a man he could barely endorse because he couldn’t believe he won. Also, I PREPAID many Millions of Dollars in Taxes.
There is a nasty rumor out there that @SenatorCollins of Maine will not be suppoBig T was not a reference to me, but rather to Big Tech, which should have been properly pointed out in Twitter’s Fake Trending Section!
Congress must now do a Covid Relief Bill. Needs Democrats suppoSteve Scully of @cspan had a very bad week. When his name was announced, I said he would not be appropriate because of conflicts. I was right! Then he said he was hacked, he wasn’t. I was right again! But his biggest mistake was “confiding” in a lowlife loser like the Mooch. Sad!
Big voter fraud hearings today in the Great State of Michigan. This election is a far bigger scandal (FRAUD!) than anyone would have thought - not even close. Watch today!
It is my Great Honor to announce that General Michael T. Flynn has been granted a Full Pardon. Congratulations to @GenFlynn and his wonderful family, I know you will now have a truly fantastic Thanksgiving!
....We cannot waste time and can only give to those states that will use the Vaccine immediately. Therefore the New York delay. Many lives to be saved, but we are ready when they are. Stop playing politics!
I LOVE NEW YORK! As everyone knows, the Trump Administration has produced a great and safe VACCINE far ahead of schedule. Another Administration would have taken five years. The problem is, @NYGovCuomo said that he will delay using it, and other states WANT IT NOW...
“Data group exposes wide spread Mail-In Ballot Fraud.” @ChanelRion @OANN
Joe Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu Epidemic. He knows nothing. All talk and no action!
Thank you to @SenTomCotton for the really nice words on all we are doing, and have done. We will win!
3 Points up in Michigan, 2 Points up in Wisconsin, 3 Points up in Pennsylvania. The Great Red Wave is forming, and getting ready to VOTE!
The hand recount taking place in Georgia is a waste of time. They are not showing the matching signatures. Call off the recount until they allow the MATCH. Don’t let the Radical Left Dems STEAL THE ELECTION!
They wouldn’t let our Poll Watchers and Observers into the Counting Rooms. We win on that alone!
In Arizona, it turns out that 3% of the votes cast in the 100 count vote sampling were tainted or worse. This would be, if carried forward, approximately 90,000 votes more than we would need to win the State. Now we were granted a much larger sample to work with. Wow!
There is tremendous evidence of wide spread voter fraud in that there is irrefutable proof that our Republican poll watchers and observers were not allowed to be present in poll counting rooms. Michigan, Pennsylvania, Georgia and others. Unconstitutional!
Antifa SCUM ran for the hills today when they tried attacking the people at the Trump Rally, because those people aggressively fought back. Antifa waited until tonight, when 99% were gone, to attack innocent #MAGA People. DC Police, get going — do you job and don’t hold back!!!
ANTIFA SCUM ran for the hills today when they tried attacking the people at the Trump Rally, because those people aggressively fought back. Antifa waited until tonight, when 99% were gone, to attack innocent #MAGA People. DC Police, get going — do your job and don’t hold back!!!
Thank you to Represenative Mo Brooks!
The “Republican” Governor of Georgia, @BrianKempGA, and the Secretary of State, MUST immediately allow a signature verification match on the Presidential Election. If that happens, we quickly and easily win the State and impoRadical Left ANTIFA SCUM was easily rebuffed today by the big D.C. MAGA Rally crowd, only to return at night, after 99% of the crowd had left, to assault elderly people and families. Police got there, but late. Mayor is not doing her job!
Georgia hearings now on @OANN. Amazing!
Under my leadership, we achieved the most Secure Border in U.S. History! My opponent’s insane immigration plan completely eliminates U.S. borders by implementing nationwide catch-and-release. Joe Biden would make every community into a Sanctuary City for violent criminals. #VOTE
Joe Biden is a corrupt politician. He wants to send YOUR jobs to China, while his family rakes in millions from the Chinese Communist PaThank you to Representative Mo Brooks!
Wow! Blockbuster testimony taking place right now in Georgia. Ballot stuffing by Dems when Republicans were forced to leave the large counting room. Plenty more coming, but this alone leads to an easy win of the State!
“Nevada CouWe are spending more in Florida, and we are winning big in Florida. Actually, we are winning big in many states as the Great Red Wave begins to form!
Governor @dougducey of Arizona hired a lawyer today. Wouldn’t allowing a strong check of ballots, which would be easier and so much better for our Country, be easier on him and the great State of Arizona?
People in Georgia got caught cold bringing in massive numbers of ballots and putting them in “voting” machines. Great job @BrianKempGA!
“Stock Markets will hit new highs if President Trump wins. Tremendous growth like never before. If Biden wins, it’s strangulation. Not good.” @SteveKalayjian @Varneyco
To the great people of New York, California, and Illinois, your states are way too highly taxed, big crime, people fleeing, and just about every other problem you can have. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn them around for you, FAST!
The best way to insure a @KLoeffler and @sendavidperdue VICTORY is to allow signature checks in the Presidential race, which will insure a Georgia Presidential win (very few votes are needed, many will be found). Spirits will soar and everyone will rush out and VOTE! @BrianKempGA
Very sadly for our Nation, it looks like Senator @JimInhofe will not be putting the Section 230 termination clause into the Defense Bill. So bad for our National Security and Election Integrity. Last chance to ever get it done. I will VETO!
All of the mechanical “glitches” that took place on Election Night were really THEM getting caught trying to steal votes. They succeeded plenty, however, without getting caught. Mail-in elections are a sick joke!
Covid, Covid, Covid is the unified chant of the Fake News Lamestream Media. They will talk about nothing else until November 4th., when the Election will be (hopefully!) over. Then the talk will be how low the death rate is, plenty of hospital rooms, & many tests of young people.
Big Rally Saturday Night in Georgia!!!
Whistleblowers reveal that the USPS is responsible for tampering with hundreds of thousands of ballots. @OANN This long time Democrat stronghold got rid of massive numbers, especially in swing states, during and before delivery of the ballots. Well documented evidence!
A provision is in the NDAA for the renaming, or even desecration, of National Monuments in National Parks. This is not what our Country wants!
It’s amazing. Twitter refuses to allow the any mention of the Biden corruption story which was carried so well on @TuckerCarlson last night. It’s the biggest story and Big Tech, together with the Lamestream Media, isn’t allowing a word to be said about it.
RIGGED ELECTION!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The USA doesn’t have Freedom of the Press, we have Suppression of the Story, or just plain Fake News. So much has been learned in the last two weeks about how corrupt our Media is, and now Big Tech, maybe even worse. Repeal Section 230!
GET TOUGH REPUBLICANS!
Media and Big Tech are not covering Biden Corruption!
The only thing more RIGGED than the 2020 Presidential Election is the FAKE NEWS SUPPRESSED MEDIA. No matter how big or impoRIGGED ELECTION. WE WILL WIN!
Why isn’t Twitter trending Biden corruption? It’s the biggest, and most credible, story anywhere in the world. Fake Trending!!!
He only won in the eyes of the FAKE NEWS MEDIA. I concede NOTHING! We have a long way to go. This was a RIGGED ELECTION!
STOCK MARKET REACHES NEW ALL-TIME HIGH!
....associated with this FRAUD on the American people!
John Bolton was one of the dumbest people in government that I’ve had the “pleasure” to work with. A sullen, dull and quiet guy, he added nothing to National Security except, “Gee, let’s go to war.” Also, illegally released much Classified Information. A real dope!
Watch @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern — story on Voter Fraud!
Who is Miles Taylor? Said he was “anonymous”, but I don’t know him - never even heard of him. Just another @nytimes SCAM - he worked in conjunction with them. Also worked for Big Tech’s @Google. Now works for Fake News @CNN. They should fire, shame, and punish everybody....
I am proud to announce $2 million for the @Sept11Memorial in NYC! This special site ensures that the memory of the nearly 3,000 people killed in the terror attacks of September 11, 2001, as well as those lost in the World Trade Center bombing in 1993, will never be forgotten!
The Democrats, together with the corrupt Fake News Media, have launched a massive Disinformation Campaign the likes of which has never been seen before. They will say anything, like their recent lies about me and the Military, and hope that it sticks... But #MAGA gets it!
Congratulations to Sleepy Joe Biden!
Why isn’t Biden corruption trending number one on Twitter? Biggest world story, and nowhere to be found. There is no”trend”, only negative stories that Twitter wants to put up. Disgraceful! Section 230
Mini Mike Bloomberg didn’t bring NYC back, as he said in his fake ad. It was @RudyGiuliani who brought NYC back and who also, with his endorsement, got Mini Mike elected (with barely a thank you). A boring mayor who the people couldn’t stand!
....owned Dominion Voting Systems, turned down by Texas and many others because it was not good or secure, those responsible for the safeguarding of our Constitution cannot allow the Fake results of the 2020 Mail-In Election to stand. The World is watching!
....perhaps like never before! From large numbers of Poll Watchers that were thrown out of vote counting rooms in many of our States, to millions of ballots that have been altered by Democrats, only for Democrats, to voting after the Election was over, to using Radical Left
Why does the Fake News Media continuously assume that Joe Biden will ascend to the Presidency, not even allowing our side to show, which we are just getting ready to do, how badly shattered and violated our great Constitution has been in the 2020 Election. It was attacked,..
Just spoke to my friend, President Joko Widodo of the Republic of Indonesia. Asking for Ventilators, which we will provide. Great cooperation between us!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you for the good reviews and comments on my interview with Chris Wallace of @FoxNews. We may have set a record for doing such an interview in the heat. It was 100 degrees, making things very interesting!
I will easily & quickly win Georgia if Governor @BrianKempGA or the Secretary of State permit a simple signature verification. Has not been done and will show large scale discrepancies. Why are these two “Republicans” saying no? If we win Georgia, everything else falls in place!
I WON THE ELECTION!
Jorge, your really tough and really smaSLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRIES HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?
THESE NUMBERS ARE INCREDIBLE! @MariaBaHope Hicks, who has been working so hard without even taking a small break, has just tested positive for Covid 19. Terrible! The First Lady and I are waiting for our test results. In the meantime, we will begin our quarantine process!
This is an AMAZING JOBS REPOLeaving for Georgia now. See you soon!
GDP number just announced. Biggest and Best in the History of our Country, and not even close. Next year will be FANTASTIC!!! However, Sleepy Joe Biden and his proposed record setting tax increase, would kill it all. So glad this great GDP number came out before November 3rd.
...We received more LEGAL votes by far. All I can do is run, campaign, and be a good (great!) President – it is 100% up to the states to manage the election. Republicans will NEVER forget this.
If the Wall Street Journal “Editorial” writers had called, as they should have, they would have easily found that I was “NOT happy with the Georgia Governor on Tuesday night.” You said the opposite, and got it wrong as you often do!
....He also worked at, of all places, @Google. They all have big liability!!!
So it turns out that the wise guy promoted as “Anonymous” by the @nytimes, named Miles Taylor (who I never even heard of!), was only a little known “staffer” as opposed to a “Senior Administration Official”. He then scammed @CNN, lied to @andersoncooper, & got a job there....
Weekly Jobless Claims just hit a 7 month low!
A 3 day extension for Pennsylvania is a disaster for our Nation, and for Pennsylvania itself. The Democrats are trying to steal this Election. We have to get out and VOTE in even larger numbers. The Great Red Wave is coming!!!
Forced to move our Rally tonight in Fayetteville, NoI won the Election!
Failed RINO former Governor Rick Snyder of Michigan was a disaster with respect to the Flint Water CATASTROPHE, and a very bad Governor overall. He huTry watching @OANN. Really GREAT!
My Administration has suspended the entry of refugees from terror-compromised nations such as Syria, Somalia and Yemen. Biden’s plan surges refugees 700% into Minnesota, Michigan & Pennsylvania—burdening schools & hospitals while opening the floodgates to Radical Islamic Terror.
The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went
The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went up 33.1% for the 3rd Qua“Defunding Police would be good for Robbers & Rapists.” @SenBillCassidy
BIG DEMAND! StaNew York City indoor dining to reopen on September 30, at 25% capacity. A step in the right direction, but should go faster!
Sending out 80 MILLION BALLOTS to people who aren’t even asking for a Ballot is unfair and a total fraud in the making. Look at what’s going on right now!
Obama worked harder for Hillary Clinton and the losing Clinton Campaign than she worked for herself! Now he’s working with Sleepy Joe - will be same result. MAGA is energized like never before!
Obama is lucky he ran against @MittRomney, a man with very little talent or political skill, as opposed to someone who knows how to fight and win!
Bob Woodward had my quotes for many months. If he thought they were so bad or dangerous, why didn’t he immediately repoDemocrats, OPEN THE SCHOOLS ( SAFELY), NOW! When schools are closed, let the money follow the child (FAMILY). Why should schools be paid when they are closed? They shouldn’t!
The Democrats never even mentioned the words LAW & ORDER at their National Convention. That’s where they are coming from. If I don’t win, America’s Suburbs will be OVERRUN with Low Income Projects, Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and, of course, “Friendly Protesters”.
Way ahead in Texas!
.@FoxNews daytime is not watchable. In a class with CNN & MSDNC. Check out @OANN, @newsmax and others that are picking up the slack. Even a boring football game, kneeling and all, is better!
Watch the Great Red Wave!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. VOTE!!!
#BidenCrimeFamiily
There is TREMENDOUS Lawlessness in America’s Liberal Cities. Would be so easy to stop but they have a clouded vision of what should be done. They are indoctrinated with a philosophy which will never work, a philosophy which would destroy America. PoI will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
Biden will destroy the United States Supreme Cou@sbowlin1 Thanks--you will love it.
More Testing equals more Cases. We have best testing. Deaths WAY DOWN. Hospitals have great additional capacity! Doing much better than Europe. Therapeutics working!
The @nytimes now admits that patients ill with Covid are getting better faster and at higher (much) percentages.
.@RudyGiuliani, by far the greatest mayor in the history of NYC, and who has been working tirelessly exposing the most corrupt election (by far!) in the history of the USA, has tested positive for the China Virus. Get better soon Rudy, we will carry on!!!
33.1% GDP - BEST IN USA HISTORY. IF I AM ELECTED, NEXT YEAR WILL BE OUR BEST EVER!
SUPREME COUSECOND AMENDMENT!
I would NEVER have taken the endorsement of the man who, through gross incompetence, poisoned the people of Flint, Michigan. Former RINO Governor Rick Snyder should be ashamed of himself and his service. I was asked to help fix it. Biden took his endorsement. VOTE TRUMP!!!
STOCK MARKET GETTING VERY CLOSE TO 30,000 ON NEW VACCINE NEWS. 95% EFFECTIVE!
Watch @marklevinshow at 11:00 P.M. (now!) and @SteveHiltonx at 12:00 A.M. on the Great Election Fraud of 2020!
The Republican Governor of Georgia refuses to do signature verification, which would give us an easy win. What’s wrong with this guy? What is he hiding?
RINOS @BrianKempGA, @GeoffDuncanGA, & Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger, will be solely responsible for the potential loss of our two GREAT Senators from Georgia, @sendavidperdue & @KLoeffler. Won’t call a Special Session or check for Signature Verification! People are ANGRY!
Biden wants the biggest Tax Increase in the history of our Country!
State officials were ignorant of the limitations imposed by the Constitution. Ken Starr
Mail-In rejection rate was minuscule compared to what it used to be. Ken Starr Meaning that massive numbers of bad votes were pouring in!
...Disasters. At every turn, Biden twisted his knife into the back of Michigan workers. In 2016, Michigan voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST!#VOTE #MAGA
“Georgia is not the only state that pushed through these last minute rules changes before the presidential election.” @maBiden’s speech is 90% made up stories and lies. Only broadcast on @FoxNews.
...a cheerleader for NAFTA – sending your auto Jobs to Mexico. He voted for China’s entry into the World Trade Organization – gutting your industries to finance China’s rise. HALF of all Michigan auto manufacturing jobs were ELIMINATED after the Biden-Backed NAFTA and China...
Georgia Lt. Governor @GeoffDuncanGA is a RINO Never Trumper who got himself elected as LG by falsely claiming to be “pro-Trump”. Too dumb or corrupt to recognize massive evidence of fraud in GA & should be replaced! We need every great Georgian to call him out! #SpecialSession!
I hope House Republicans will vote against the very weak National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), which I will VETO. Must include a termination of Section 230 (for National Security purposes), preserve our National Monuments, & allow for 5G & troupe reductions in foreign lands!
I hope House Republicans will vote against the very weak National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), which I will VETO. Must include a termination of Section 230 (for National Security purposes), preserve our National Monuments, & allow for 5G & troop reductions in foreign lands!
One of the most impoThe Election should end on November 3rd., not weeks later!
Governor Kemp (@BrianKempGA) is down 18 points in a recent poll. Don’t believe it, must be more!
President Obama used to say that “if you wanted to see something really screwed up, give it to Joe Biden to do.” In fact, he tried to keep Joe from running, “you don’t have to do this Joe”, and then wouldn’t endorse him until long after the Primaries ended. “Joe is lost!”.
VACCINES ARE COMING FAST!!!
...Biden’s deadly migration policies will overwhelm taxpayers and open the floodgates to terrorists, jihadists, and violent extremists. Under my Administration, the safety of our families will always come FIRST!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“A Biden win would mean the end of Fracking in Pennsylvania, Texas, and everywhere else. Millions of jobs would be lost, and Energy prices would soar.” @OANN And we would no longer be Energy Independent!!!
Suburban Women are trending strongly to our campaign because they want SAFETY, SECURITY, and love the fact that I terminated the REGULATION that would destroy their neighborhood and with it, the American Dream. Biden would bring the REGULATION back in a MUCH stronger form!!!
Joe Biden spent the last 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He is a diehard globalist who cares nothing for working people. He repeatedly tried to cut Medicare & Social Security. Biden was...
“President Obama meant a lot to Black people, but he didn’t do a thing for Black people”. Vernon Jones, Georgia State Represenative, Trump suppoI paid many millions of dollars in Taxes to the Federal Government, most of which was even paid early, or PREPAID. MANY $MILLIONS. The Failing @nytimes never likes repoJoe Biden will PACK THE COUBiden and the Radical Left are asking for the largest tax hike in the history of the U.S. Remember that when you VOTE!
NASDAQ and S&P close at all-time highs. Congratulations!
Big win for our very elite U.S. Special Forces today. Details to follow!
RIGGED ELECTION!
There is massive evidence of widespread fraud in the four states (plus) mentioned in the Texas suit. Just look at all of the tapes and affidavits!
STOCK MARKETS AT NEW ALL TIME HIGHS!!!
Gallup: 56% of the U.S. is more satisfied with conditions now, even during a pandemic (we are rounding the turn!), than they were 4 years ago under Obama/Biden. Hasn’t been equaled in recent times!
Last night, our Country’s brave warriors rescued an American hostage in Nigeria. Our Nation salutes the courageous soldiers behind the daring nighttime rescue operation and celebrates the safe return of yet another American citizen!
We will soon be learning about the word “courage”, and saving our Country. I received hundreds of thousands of legal votes more, in all of the Swing States, than did my opponent. ALL Data taken after the vote says that it was impossible for me to lose, unless FIXED!
Will be making a special speech in Pennsylvania at 12:30 P.M. Eastern!
If somebody cheated in the Election, which the Democrats did, why wouldn’t the Election be immediately oveAt 10:00 P.M. on Election Evening, we were at 97% win with the so-called “bookies”.
Our ECONOMY is now surging back faster, better, bigger and stronger than any nation on eaBiden’s plan to Abolish American Energy is an economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania. A vote for Biden is a vote to BAN FRACKING & send PA into a nightmare of poveWow! At least 17 States have joined Texas in the extraordinary case against the greatest Election Fraud in the history of the United States. Thank you!
“If you’re looking for Election Rigging, look no fuBiden & Obama owe a massive apology to the People of Flint. The water was poisoned on their watch. Not only did they fail them, Biden proudly accepted the endorsement of disastrous Gov Rick Snyder! Unlike Biden, I will always stand with the People of the Great State of MICHIGAN!
“10% of voters would have changed their vote if they knew about Hunter Biden.” Miranda Devine @nypost @TuckerCarlson But I won anyway!
....living in the state, no matter who they are or how they got there, will get one. That will be followed up with professionals telling all of these people, many of whom have never even thought of voting before, how, and for whom, to vote. This will be a Rigged Election. No way!
There is NO WAY (ZERO!) that Mail-In Ballots will be anything less than substantially fraudulent. Mail boxes will be robbed, ballots will be forged & even illegally printed out & fraudulently signed. The Governor of California is sending Ballots to millions of people, anyone.....
The big Unsolicited Ballot States should give it up NOW, before it is too late, and ask people to go to the Polling Booths and, like always before, VOTE. Otherwise, MAYHEM!!! Solicited Ballots (absentee) are OK. @foxandfriends
....These THUGS are dishonoring the memory of George Floyd, and I won’t let that happen. Just spoke to Governor Tim Walz and told him that the Military is with him all the way. Any difficulty and we will assume control but, when the looting staThere will never be an “Autonomous Zone” in Washington, D.C., as long as I’m your President. If they try they will be met with serious force!
....after you Vote, which it should not, that Ballot will not be used or counted in that your vote has already been cast & tabulated. YOU ARE NOW ASSURED THAT YOUR PRECIOUS VOTE HAS BEEN COUNTED, it hasn’t been “lost, thrown out, or in any way destroyed”. GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!
.....go to your Polling Place to see whether or not your Mail In Vote has been Tabulated (Counted). If it has you will not be able to Vote & the Mail In System worked properly. If it has not been Counted, VOTE (which is a citizen’s right to do). If your Mail In Ballot arrives....
So now the Democrats are using Mail Drop Boxes, which are a voter security disaster. Among other things, they make it possible for a person to vote multiple times. Also, who controls them, are they placed in Republican or Democrat areas? They are not Covid sanitized. A big fraud!
Flu season is coming up! Many people every year, sometimes over 100,000, and despite the Vaccine, die from the Flu. Are we going to close down our Country? No, we have learned to live with it, just like we are learning to live with Covid, in most populations far less lethal!!!
A total and complete sign off from White House Doctors yesterday. That means I can’t get it (immune), and can’t give it. Very nice to know!!!
WISDOM & COURAGE!!!
How can you give an election to someone who lost the election by hundreds of thousands of legal votes in each of the swing states. How can a country be run by an illegitimate president?
“Donald Trump won by a landslide, and they stole it from him!” @seanhannity
....The fact that our Country is being stolen. A coup is taking place in front of our eyes, and the public can’t take this anymore.” A Trump fan at Georgia Rally on @OANN Bad!
Thank you to the wonderful @RJHarrisWHP580 for the nice words on @FoxNews. Tremendous enthusiasm in Pennsylvania, and everywhere else. The Great Red Wave is coming!
“People are upset, and they have a right to be. Georgia not only suppoJust signed an order to protect fracking and the oil and gas industry. This means JOBS, low energy bills, and continued AMERICAN ENERGY INDEPENDENCE! Sleepy Joe would BAN fracking and destroy American energy jobs! He has NO clue!!
Thank you @albeToday, I signed a proclamation recognizing Moroccan sovereignty over the Western Sahara.  Morocco's serious, credible, and realistic autonomy proposal is the ONLY basis for a just and lasting solution for enduring peace and prosperity!
Morocco recognized the United States in 1777.  It is thus fitting we recognize their sovereignty over the Western Sahara.
Thank you Pennsylvania! With your vote, we will continue to suppoAnother HISTORIC breakthrough today! Our two GREAT friends Israel and the Kingdom of Morocco have agreed to full diplomatic relations – a massive breakthrough for peace in the Middle East!
No Presidential candidate ever came even close to losing an Election who won Iowa, Florida and Ohio. I won all three, by a lot!
No war with NoWhile my pushing the money drenched but heavily bureaucratic @US_FDA saved five years in the approval of NUMEROUS great new vaccines, it is still a big, old, slow tuThe Swine Flu (H1N1), and the attempt for a vaccine by the Obama Administration, with Joe Biden in charge, was a complete and total disaster. Now they want to come in and take over one of the “greatest and fastest medical miracles in modern day history.” I don’t think so!
I just want to stop the world from killing itself!
Now it turns out that my phone call to the President of Ukraine, which many, including me, have called “perfect”, was even better than that. I predicted Biden corruption, said to call the A.G., who perhaps knew of the corruption during the impeachment hoax?
Now that the Biden Administration will be a scandal plagued mess for years to come, it is much easier for the Supreme CouNow it turns out that the Democrats want the Pack the Cou“Donald Trump must get the credit for the vaccines. It is a miracle.” @Varneyco
Georgia, where is signature verification approval? What do you have to lose? Must move quickly! @BrianKempGA @GeoffDuncanGA @GaSecofState
...The place was a mess and would have lost much more business if I hadn’t come along. Many new plants are staWhen I originally became your all time favorite President, the Great State of Michigan was hemorrhaging car companies and jobs. Plants were closing and moving to Mexico, and other places. No new plants for decades. I stopped the moves, & now many plants are and have been built...
Joe Biden called Black Youth SUPER PREDATORS. They will NEVER like him, or vote for him. They are voting for “TRUMP”.
....The American people deserve answers, better late than never.” @IngrahamAngle
“Don’t the voters have to know what the Federal prosecutor’s know. The establishment failed us. The media, congressional leaders, the Democrat PaThe Supreme CouBiden wants to LOCKDOWN our Country, maybe for years. Crazy! There will be NO LOCKDOWNS. The great American Comeback is underway!!!
....all I needed, everything went swimmingly from there. He was so highly regarded & respected in Scotland and beyond that years of future turmoil was avoided. Sean was a great actor and an even greater man. Sincere condolences to his family!
....that, after careful study and consideration, think you got “screwed”, something which will huSo, you’re the President of the United States, and you just went through an election where you got more votes than any sitting President in history, by far - and purpoThe legendary actor, 007 Sean Connery, has past on to even greener fairways. He was quite a guy, and a tough character. I was having a very hard time getting approvals for a big development in Scotland when Sean stepped in and shouted,“Let him build the damn thing”. That was....
FDA APPROVES PFIZER VACCINE FOR EMERGENCY USE!!!
Georgia GOP Chair Says ‘We Are Trusting No One,’ Promises ‘Eyes on Every PaJoe Biden constantly used the term “Super Predator” when referring to young Black Men, according to my sources.
WE HAVE JUST BEGUN TO FIGHT!!!
Why didn’t Bill Barr reveal the truth to the public, before the Election, about Hunter Biden. Joe was lying on the debate stage that nothing was wrong, or going on - Press confirmed. Big disadvantage for Republicans at the polls!
Biden is a proven Castro puppet! Vote TRUMP
Wow! Thousands of people forming in Washington (D.C.) for Stop the Steal. Didn’t know about this, but I’ll be seeing them! #MAGA
Chris Wallace of @FoxNews, by far the lowest rated of the Sunday morning news programs, can’t get over his poor debate performance, probably even worse than Sleepy Joe’s. His show is a total “hit job” on your favorite President, me!
Michigan was GREAT! Landing now in Dubuque, Iowa. See you soon.
The Supreme CouThank you Iowa!
Biden did a very POOR job of handling H1N1 Swine Flu, yet all he talks about is Covid, Covid, Covid, like he would actually know what he is doing. He doesn’t. Plus, he would be TERRIBLE with the Economy!
Pennsylvania: Biden said that he doesn’t want Fracking. Besides, and more impo@Jon_dennis82 @Redskins True.
If failing Governor @BrianKempGA would allow signature verification, David & Kelly would WIN!
The drug companies are going crazy putting up nasty ads against me asking to “withdraw my Favored Nation’s Executive Order”. They don’t want the U.S. to have the lowest drug prices in the world, but we now will. Big reductions coming. No other politician would do this!!!
For decades, Joe Biden let other countries rip you off and cheat America blind! The only people who’ve benefited from his policies are himself & his family. He shows up every 4 years, and then goes back to D.C. and caters to his special interests. My only special interest is YOU.
How do states and politicians confirm an election where corruption and irregularities are documented throughout? A Swing State hustle!
Joe Biden is the candidate of rioters, looters, arsonists, gun-grabbers, flag-burners, Marxists, lobbyists, and special interests. I am the candidate of farmers, factory workers, police officers, and hard-working, law-abiding patriots of every race, religion and creed! #MAGA
MOST CORRUPT ELECTION IN U.S. HISTORY!
THE BIGGEST WINNER OF OUR NEW DEFENSE BILL IS CHINA!. I WILL VETO!
Thank you No...Tens of millions of haphazardly ballots sent, with some people getting two, three, or four ballots. We will never give up!
The RINOS that run the state voting apparatus have caused us this problem of allowing the Democrats to so blatantly cheat in their attempt to steal the election, which we won overwhelmingly. How dare they allow this massive and ridiculous Mail-In Voting to occur...
Sheriff Troy Nehls (@SheriffTNehls) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Texas! An Army Veteran, he Strongly Suppo...They just “chickened out” and didn’t want to rule on the merits of the case. So bad for our Country!
....place in Detroit, Philadelphia, Milwaukee, Atlanta, Pittsburgh, and elsewhere. In all Swing State cases, there are far more votes than are necessary to win the State, and the Election itself. Therefore, VOTES CANNOT BE CE.....and many others voted illegally. Also, machine “glitches” (another word for FRAUD), ballot harvesting, non-resident voters, fake ballots, “stuffing the ballot box”, votes for pay, roughed up Republican Poll Watchers, and sometimes even more votes than people voting, took....
Swing States that have found massive VOTER FRAUD, which is all of them, CANNOT LEGALLY CEVaccines are shipped and on their way, FIVE YEARS AHEAD OF SCHEDULE. Get well USA. Get well WORLD. We love you all!
People working in the White House should receive the vaccine somewhat later in the program, unless specifically necessary. I have asked that this adjustment be made. I am not scheduled to take the vaccine, but look forward to doing so at the appropriate time. Thank you!
Remember, Third Qua@mathewaiken Great!
Biden will repeal your Second Amendment and Pack the CouDemocrats weakened the Signature Verification (and other) safeguards in Georgia. @staceyabrams played @BrianKempGA & Secretary of State, for fools. Consent Decree, which is terrible for Republicans (and honest people!), must be opened up NOW - David, Kelly, and I will then win!
What a fool Governor @BrianKempGA of Georgia is. Could have been so easy, but now we have to do it the hard way. Demand this clown call a Special Session and open up signature verification, NOW. Otherwise, could be a bad day for two GREAT Senators on January 5th.
Getting ready to land in the Great State of Florida. See you soon!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
...As I said at the debate – “Will you remember that Texas?Pennsylvania? Ohio? New Mexico?” I will always protect American Energy and American Jobs! Get out and VOTE #MAGA!
Just learned that Sleepy Joe Biden is campaigning in Pennsylvania with Lady Gaga, a proud member of “AJust had a very nice meeting with Attorney General Bill Barr at the White House. Our relationship has been a very good one, he has done an outstanding job! As per letter, Bill will be leaving just before Christmas to spend the holidays with his family...
Tremendous problems being found with voting machines. They are so far off it is ridiculous. Able to take a landslide victory and reduce it to a tight loss. This is not what the USA is all about. Law enforcement shielding machines. DO NOT TAMPER, a crime. Much more to come!
68% error rate in Michigan Voting Machines. Should be, by law, a tiny percentage of one percent. Did Michigan Secretary of State break the law? Stay tuned!
On my way to NoLanding in NoTexas, Pennsylvania: Biden is against Second Amendment and Fracking. Please remember!
Biden was a pathetic laughing stock all over Washington for the horrible way he handled the H1N1 Swine Flu. Even his own Chief of Staff said he didn’t know what he was doing!
Tremendous evidence pouring in on voter fraud. There has never been anything like this in our Country!
“No President in history has done more for OHIO than President Trump.”
Mo Brooks: ‘Trump Won the Electoral College‘ --- I Can Be a PaI PREPAID Millions of Dollars in FEDERAL INCOME TAXES!
Poll: 92% of Republican Voters think the election was rigged!
Biden can never negotiate with China. They would own the U.S. if he were ever President!
...our noble history, heritage & heroes; and ANTIFA, the rioters, looters, Marxists, & left-wing extremists. THEY ALL SUPPO...that killed our fellow citizens with illegal drugs, gangs & crime; The far-left Democrats that ruined our public schools, depleted our inner cities, defunded our police, & demeaned your sacred faith & values; The Anti-American radicals defaming...
We have more Cases because we have more Testing!
Biden NEVER named his list of Supreme CouBiden will RAISE YOUR TAXES (Biggest increase ever!).
“Study: Dominion Machines shifted 2-3% of Trump Votes to Biden. Far more votes than needed to sway election.” Florida, Ohio, Texas and many other states were won by even greater margins than projected. Did just as well with Swing States, but bad things happened. @OANN
The Depraved Swamp have been trying to stop me – because they know I don’t answer to THEM – I answer only to YOU. Together, we will defeat the corrupt establishment, we will DETHRONE the failed political class, we will drain the Washington Swamp & we will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM!
Just signed an order to establish the 1776 Commission. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students, and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools!
Can’t believe how badly @FoxNews is doing in the ratings. They played right into the hands of the Radical Left Democrats, & now are floating in limboland. Hiring fired @donnabraziIe, and far worse, allowing endless negative and unedited commercials. @FoxNews is dead. Really Sad!
Perhaps the biggest difference between 2016 and 2020 is @FoxNews, despite the fact that I went from 63,000,000 Votes to 75,000,000 Votes, a record 12,000,000 Vote increase. Obama went down 3,000,000 Votes, and won. Rigged Election!!!
Landing in Scranton, Pennsylvania!
I gave Maine everything that Obama/Biden took away from it. 5000 square miles, Lobster, Fishing, ended tariffs from China and E.U. and much more. Vote Trump Maine!
Senate Hearings going on LIVE @OANN, as to the Fraudulent 2020 Election that just took place. @SenRonJohnson doing an excellent job. Nevada must be flipped based on testimony!
Former United States Solicitor General Ken Starr: Pennsylvania “Flagrantly Violated” Laws Ahead of Election.
Chris Krebs was totally excoriated and proven wrong at the Senate Hearing on the Fraudulent 2020 Election. Massive FRAUD took place with machines, people voting from out of state, illegals, dead people, no signatures—and so much more!
...He was a cheerleader for NAFTA and China’s entry into the WTO. Pennsylvania lost half of its manufacturing jobs after those Biden Calamities. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Pennsylvania to CHINA!
Joe Biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. He shuttered your steel mills, annihilated your coal jobs, and suppo“Michigan fraud witness totally debunks Dominion CEO.” @OANN It was brutal!
Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state—locking you in your home while letting far-left rioters roam free. The Biden Lockdown will mean no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, no FouAll-time Stock Market high. The Vaccine and the Vaccine rollout are getting the best of reviews. Moving along really well. Get those “shots” everyone! Also, stimulus talks looking very good.
As Christians throughout this great Country celebrate All Souls Day, let’s remember those who went before us and built this great nation. May their legacy inspire us as we keep our nation what it has always been: blessed and great!
I have NOTHING to do with the potential prosecution of Hunter Biden, or the Biden family. It is just more Fake News. Actually, I find it very sad to watch!
¡Mi #AmericanDreamPlan es una promesa para los hispanoamericanos de impulsar una economía próspera, proveer opoJust released data shows many thousands of noncitizens voted in Nevada. They are totally ineligible to vote!
Just landed in Traverse City, Michigan. Big crowd!
Democrats would never put up with a Presidential Election stolen by the Republicans!
Joe Biden would increase refugees from terrorist nations by 700%. His plan would overwhelm your communities and turn Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin and the entire Midwest into a refugee camp. I am protecting your families and keeping Radical Islamic Terrorists OUT of our Country!
A vote for Joe Biden is a vote to extinguish and eradicate your state’s auto industry. Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Michigan to CHINA. Biden is the living embodiment of the decrepit and depraved political class that got rich bleeding America Dry!
For 47 years, Joe Biden viciously attacked Black Americans. He called young black men “super predators.” To every black American: I am asking for your vote. This is your one and only chance to show Sleepy Joe what you think of his decision to attack you, jail you, and betray you!
Our prayers are with the people of Vienna after yet another vile act of terrorism in Europe. These evil attacks against innocent people must stop. The U.S. stands with Austria, France, and all of Europe in the fight against terrorists, including radical Islamic terrorists.
.@senatemajldr and Republican Senators have to get tougher, or you won’t have a Republican Pa@Colvio117 Thanks!
Governor @BrianKempGA of Georgia still has not called a Special Session. So easy to do, why is he not doing it? It will give us the State. MUST ACT NOW!
The Secretary of State and Governor of Georgia, both so-called “Republicans”, aren’t allowing Fulton County to go through the vital Voter Signature Verification process. Also, they are not allowing Republican “watchers” to be present and verify! @BrianKempGA
To all of our suppoTHANK YOU to the GREAT men and women of @FedEx and @UPS for driving through the storms this week to deliver millions of doses of the vaccine across the country. Two Great American Companies!
Congratulations, the Moderna vaccine is now available!
STIMULUS! Go big or go home!!!
“The Radical Left is trying hard to undermine the Christopher Columbus legacy. A great Italian opened new chapter in history of humanity by discovering the Americas”. @OANN Not on my watch!
We love the people of Lake Charles, Louisiana. You’ve been hit hard , and often, but your Federal Government is there to help. It will all work out, and FAST!!! @fema @USArmy
....Much of the money we have spent is on our ground game, said to be the best ever put together. I’ll let you know how good it is on November 3rd. Very expensive to do, but oppoI keep reading Fake News stories that my campaign is running low on money. Not true, & if it were so, I would put up money myself. The fact is that we have much more money than we had 4 years ago, where we spent much less money than Crooked Hillary, and still easily won, 306-223!
It was great to be back in my home state of FLORIDA to make my official return to the campaign trail. I am energized by your prayers, humbled by your suppoGetting ready to land in Florida. BIG CROWD! Live on various networks: @OANN, @cspan, @newsmax and others!!!
.@FoxNews allows more negative ads on me than practically all of the other networks combined. Not like the old days, but we will win even bigger than 2016. Roger Ailes was the GREATEST!
Biden losing big in Florida. Only Fake Polls show otherwise! Bad for Healthcare. Thinks he’s running for the Senate. Forgot Mitt Romney’s name, and where he was!
The World Health Organization just admitted that I was right. Lockdowns are killing countries all over the world. The cure cannot be worse than the problem itself. Open up your states, Democrat governors. Open up New York. A long battle, but they finally did the right thing!
Republicans should be strongly focused on completing a wonderful stimulus package for the American People!
Leaving now for Florida Rally. Big crowds!
307,000 Veterans Died waiting for Healthcare at the V.A. During Sleepy Joe Biden’s Watch. 800,000 Records Stalled! A complete and total disaster.
Heading to the Greatest Economy Of All Time!!! VOTE
So Biden is coughing and hacking and playing “fingers” with his mask, all over the place, and the Fake News doesn’t want to even think about discussing it. “Journalism” has reached the all time low in history. Sadly, Lamestream knows this and doesn’t even care!
...Some friendly health advice to Iran: If one American is killed, I will hold Iran responsible. Think it over.
After seeing the massive Voter Fraud in the 2020 Presidential Election, I disagree with anyone that thinks a strong, fast, and fair Special Counsel is not needed, IMMEDIATELY. This was the most corrupt election in the history of our Country, and it must be closely examined!
....discussing the possibility that it may be China (it may!). There could also have been a hit on our ridiculous voting machines during the election, which is now obvious that I won big, making it an even more corrupted embarrassment for the USA. @DNI_Ratcliffe @SecPompeo
The Cyber Hack is far greater in the Fake News Media than in actuality. I have been fully briefed and everything is well under control. Russia, Russia, Russia is the priority chant when anything happens because Lamestream is, for mostly financial reasons, petrified of....
WE ARE LOOKING REALLY GOOD ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. THANK YOU!
We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Poles are closed!
Very happy to have helped get @WreathsAcross America so beautifully open and operating today. Congratulations to all of those who have worked so hard for this great success!
The entire WORLD is being badly huMore than one million Americans have already received the China Virus Vaccine, a record pace!
I will be making a statement tonight. A big WIN!
We are up BIG, but they are trying to STEAL the Election. We will never let them do it. Votes cannot be cast after the Polls are closed!
At a meeting in Florida today, everyone was asking why aren’t the Republicans up in arms & fighting over the fact that the Democrats stole the rigged presidential election? Especially in the Senate, they said, where you helped 8 Senators win their races. How quickly they forget!
Maria’s show and ratings are better than ever. They are trying to shame her into not telling the truth. Her audience would be gone, and she is far too smaThe lie of the year is that Joe Biden won! Christina Bobb @OANN
Last night I was leading, often solidly, in many key States, in almost all instances Democrat run & controlled. Then, one by one, they staVOTER FRAUD IS NOT A CONSPIRACY THEORY, IT IS A FACT!!!
Twitter is going wild with their flags, trying hard to suppress even the truth. Just shows how dangerous they are, purposely stifling free speech. Very dangerous for our Country. Does Congress know that this is how Communism staHow come every time they count Mail-In ballot dumps they are so devastating in their percentage and power of destruction?
I saved at least 8 Republican Senators, including Mitch, from losing in the last Rigged (for President) Election. Now they (almost all) sit back and watch me fight against a crooked and vicious foe, the Radical Left Democrats. I will NEVER FORGET!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
I will be oveWatch @RealPNavarro NOW on the Election Fraud. @JesseBWatters @FoxNews
Made many calls and had meetings at Trump International in Palm Beach, Florida. Why would politicians not want to give people $2000, rather than only $600? It wasn’t their fault, it was China. Give our people the money!
They are finding Biden votes all over the place — in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan. So bad for our Country!
They are working hard to make up 500,000 vote advantage in Pennsylvania disappear — ASAP. Likewise, Michigan and others!
Wow! It looks like Michigan has now found the ballots necessary to keep a wonderful young man, John James, out of the U.S. Senate. What a terrible thing is happening!
As badly as we were treated in Georgia by the “Republican” Governor and “Republican” Secretary of State, we must have a massive victory for two great people, @KLoeffler & @sendavidperdue, on January 5th. I will be having a big Rally for them on Monday night, January 4th. WIN!
We are winning Pennsylvania big, but the PA Secretary of State just announced that there are “Millions of ballots left to be counted.”
Our lawyers have asked for “meaningful access”, but what good does that do? The damage has already been done to the integrity of our system, and to the Presidential Election itself. This is what should be discussed!
Why isn’t Congress giving our people a Stimulus Bill? It wasn’t their fault, it was the fault of China. GET IT DONE, and give them more money in direct payments.
STOP THE COUNT!
ANY VOTE THAT CAME IN AFTER ELECTION DAY WILL NOT BE COUNTED!
If a Democrat Presidential Candidate had an Election Rigged & Stolen, with proof of such acts at a level never seen before, the Democrat Senators would consider it an act of war, and fight to the death. Mitch & the Republicans do NOTHING, just want to let it pass. NO FIGHT!
Big legal win in Pennsylvania!
All of the recent Biden claimed States will be legally challenged by us for Voter Fraud and State Election Fraud. Plenty of proof - just check out the Media. WE WILL WIN! America First!
The “Justice” DepaSTOP THE FRAUD!
I simply want to get out great people $2000, rather than the measly $600 that is now in the bill. Also, stop the billions of dollars in “pork”.
Where the hell is the Durham RepoNews Conference at 6:30 P.M.
A young military man working in Afghanistan told me that elections in Afghanistan are far more secure and much better run than the USA’s 2020 Election. Ours, with its millions and millions of corrupt Mail-In Ballots, was the election of a third world country. Fake President!
I simply want to get our great people $2000, rather than the measly $600 that is now in the bill. Also, stop the billions of dollars in “pork”.
So now the Democrats are working to gain control of the U.S. Senate through their actions on John James, David Perdue, and more. Would End the Filibuster, “Life”, 2A, and would Pack and Rotate the CouI easily WIN the Presidency of the United States with LEGAL VOTES CAST. The OBSERVERS were not allowed, in any way, shape, or form, to do their job and therefore, votes accepted during this period must be determined to be ILLEGAL VOTES. U.S. Supreme CouTwitter is out of control, made possible through the government gift of Section 230!
The lockdowns in Democrat run states are absolutely ruining the lives of so many people - Far more than the damage that would be caused by the China Virus. Cases in California have risen despite the lockdown, yet Florida & others are open & doing well. Common sense please!
“Philadelpiha has got a rotten history on election integrity.” @Varneyco @FoxBusiness
....has been able to render decisions in a matter of days.” Ken Starr, former Independent Counsel @Varneyco
....hopefully this will be corrected at the Supreme Cou....Legislature. They just ignored that, ignored the Constitution. Now we bring it down to the counting houses, and outrageously, observers, who are the sentinels of integrity & transparency, were excluded. Pennsylvania has conducted itself in a horrible lawless way, and....
$2000 + $2000 plus other family members. Not $600. Remember, it was China’s fault!
Joe Biden should not wrongfully claim the office of the President. I could make that claim also. Legal proceedings are just now beginning!
Big news coming out of Pennsylvania. Very big illegal ballot drop that cannot be accounted for. Rigged Election!
I had such a big lead in all of these states late into election night, only to see the leads miraculously disappear as the days went by. Perhaps these leads will return as our legal proceedings move forward!
....@sendavidperdue will not be able to win on January 5th. unless these people allow Signature Verification in presidential race. K & D need it for their race also, & Georgia spirit will rise to such a high that they will easily bring home a great victory. Move fast @BrianKempGA
“We need an explanation as to how these numbers have been running up for the last two or three days.” Matthew Whitaker. @EveningEdit
On behalf of two GREAT Senators, @sendavidperdue & @KLoeffler, I will be going to Georgia on Monday night, January 4th., to have a big and wonderful RALLY. So impoSee you in Washington, DC, on January 6th. Don’t miss it. Information to follow!
Good news on Covid Relief Bill. Information to follow!
...Republicans in Wisconsin should take these 3 strong decisions to their State Legislators and ove@Seame_huntin EST
Distribution of both vaccines is going very smoothly. Amazing how many people are being vaccinated, record numbers. Our Country, and indeed the World, will soon see the great miracle of what the Trump Administration has accomplished. They said it couldn’t be done!!!
“The President was responsible for those direct payments to Americans in the Covid-19 Relief Bill.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends And the Moderna vaccine has already staTHE DEMOCRATS DUMPED HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF BALLOTS IN THE SWING STATES LATE IN THE EVENING. IT WAS A RIGGED ELECTION!!!
Time for Republican Senators to step up and fight for the Presidency, like the Democrats would do if they had actually won. The proof is irrefutable! Massive late night mail-in ballot drops in swing states, stuffing the ballot boxes (on video), double voters, dead voters,
....fake signatures, illegal immigrant voters, banned Republican vote watchers, MORE VOTES THAN ACTUAL VOTERS (check out Detroit & Philadelphia), and much more. The numbers are far greater than what is necessary to win the individual swing states, and cannot even be contested....
Republicans in the Senate so quickly forget. Right now they would be down 8 seats without my backing them in the last Election. RINO John Thune, “Mitch’s boy”, should just let it play out. South Dakota doesn’t like weakness. He will be primaried in 2022, political career over!!!
....Bad things took place during those hours where LEGAL TRANSPARENCY was viciously & crudely not allowed. Tractors blocked doors & windows were covered with thick cardboard so that observers could not see into the count rooms. BAD THINGS HAPPENED INSIDE. BIG CHANGES TOOK PLACE!
....This would ALSO change the Election result in numerous States, including Pennsylvania, which everyone thought was easily won on Election Night, only to see a massive lead disappear, without anyone being allowed to OBSERVE, for long intervals of time, what the happened...
Lawyers Press Conference at Four Seasons, Philadelphia. 11:00 A.M.
“Breaking News: In Pennsylvania there were 205,000 more votes than there were voters. This alone flips the state to President Trump.”
Big press conference today in Philadelphia at Four Seasons Total Landscaping — 11:30am!
Lawyer’s Press Conference at Four Season’s Landscaping, Philadelphia. Enjoy!
Governor @BrianKempGA and his puppet @GeoffDuncanGA, together with the Secretary of State of Georgia, are very slow on Signature Verification, and won’t allow Fulton County to be examined. What are these RINOS hiding? We will easily win Presidential State race. @KLoeffler and....
They are slow walking the signature verification in Georgia. They don’t want results to get out prior to January 6th. They know what they are trying so hard to hide. Terrible people! @BrianKempGA
....Cou....But when it is all over, and this period of time becomes just another ugly chapter in our Country’s history, WE WILL WIN!!!
THE OBSERVERS WERE NOT ALLOWED INTO THE COUNTING ROOMS. I WON THE ELECTION, GOT 71,000,000 LEGAL VOTES. BAD THINGS HAPPENED WHICH OUR OBSERVERS WERE NOT ALLOWED TO SEE. NEVER HAPPENED BEFORE. MILLIONS OF MAIL-IN BALLOTS WERE SENT TO PEOPLE WHO NEVER ASKED FOR THEM!
71,000,000 Legal Votes. The most EVER for a sitting President!
...and Detroit with a long series of election problems (to put it mildly).” @JonathanTurley
....how these ballots were authenticated, because if there’s a problem in the system about authentication, that would seriously affect the ENTIRE ELECTION - And what concerns me is that we had over a hundred million mail-in ballot in cites like Philladelphia...
....Supreme Cou“We should look at the votes. We’re just beginning the tabulation stage. We should look at these allegations. We’re seeing a number of affidavits that there has been voter fraud. We have a history in this country of election problems. In Pennsylvania you had an order by a...
....Where it mattered, they stole what they had to steal. @newtgingrich
“We believe these people are thieves. The big city machines are corrupt. This was a stolen election. Best pollster in Britain wrote this morning that this clearly was a stolen election, that it’s impossible to imagine that Biden outran Obama in some of these states.
Since when does the Lamestream Media call who our next president will be? We have all learned a lot in the last two weeks!
“This is what we know. We have to go back to the state level and how this morass came to be in the first instance. The Governor, Wolf, and the State Supreme CouInvestigators Dispatched After Fulton County Discovers ‘Issue‘ with Ballot Repo...WOW, he just voted against me in a Big CouTwo years ago, the great people of Wisconsin asked me to endorse a man named Brian Hagedorn for State Supreme CouWatch @marklevinshow at 8:00 P.M. Will discuss the Mail-In Ballot Hoax!
....being removed and brought home from foreign lands who do NOTHING for us. A disgraceful act of cowardice and total submission by weak people to Big Tech. Negotiate a better Bill, or get better leaders, NOW! Senate should not approve NDAA until fixed!!!
$2000 for our great people, not $600! They have suffered enough from the China Virus!!!
#TrumpAdvice ....and Congressmen/Congresswomen Elected. I do believe they forgot!
....Can you imagine if the Republicans stole a Presidential Election from the Democrats - All hell would break out. Republican leadership only wants the path of least resistance. Our leaders (not me, of course!) are pathetic. They only know how to lose! P.S. I got MANY Senators..
...more votes than is needed by me to win Pennsylvania, not to mention hundreds of thousands of votes in other categories which increase my already big lead into a landslide. All other Swing States show likewise. WE NEED NEW & ENERGETIC REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP. This can not stand..
“A group of Republican lawmakers in Pennsylvania say 200,000 more votes were counted in the 2020 Election than voters (100% went to Biden). State Representative Frank Ryan said they found troubling discrepancies after an analysis of Election Day data.” @FoxNews This is far....
STOCK MARKET UP BIG, VACCINE COMING SOON. REPOLoeffler, Perdue SuppoIt is up to the States to distribute the vaccines once brought to the designated areas by the Federal Government. We have not only developed the vaccines, including putting up money to move the process along quickly, but gotten them to the states. Biden failed with Swine Flu!
When are we going to be allowed to do signature verification in Fulton County, Georgia? The process is going VERY slowly. @BrianKempGA Pennsylvania just found 205,000 votes more than they had voters. Therefore, we WIN Pennsylvania!!!
Dr. Mariannette Miller-Meeks (@MillerMeeks) will do a great job in Congress for Iowa! A Doctor and Veteran, she will Deliver Great Health Care, Defend Life, and Protect your Second Amendment. Mariannette has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IA02
...Chris will do a GREAT job! Mark Esper has been terminated. I would like to thank him for his service.
...The consent decree signed by the “Secretary”, with the consent of Kemp, is perhaps even more poorly negotiated than the deal that John Kerry made with Iran. Now it turns out that Brad R’s brother works for China, and they definitely don’t want “Trump”. So disgusting! #MAGA
I love the Great State of Georgia, but the people who run it, from the Governor, @BrianKempGA, to the Secretary of State, are a complete disaster and don’t have a clue, or worse. Nobody can be this stupid. Just allow us to find the crime, and turn the state Republican....
....other acts of fraud and irregularities as well. STAY TUNED!
....that, quite frankly, didn’t have much of a chance, like 7, 8 or 9. The Presidential Election was Rigged with hundreds of thousands of ballots mysteriously flowing into Swing States very late at night as everyone thought the election was easily won by me. There were many....
The Wall Street Journal’s very boring & incoherent Editorial fails to mention my big & easy wins in Texas, Florida, Ohio, Iowa & many other states that the @WSJ & other joke polls said I would lose. Also, they fail to mention the fact that I got many Republican Senators elected..
“Barack Obama was toppled from the top spot and President Trump claimed the title of the year’s Most Admired Man. Trump number one, Obama number two, and Joe Biden a very distant number three. That’s also rather odd given the fact that on November 3rd, Biden allegedly racked up
...millions more votes than Trump, but can’t get anywhere close to him in this poll. No incoming president has ever done as badly in this annual survey.” @MarkSteynOnline @TuckerCarlson That’s because he got millions of Fake Votes in the 2020 Election, which was RIGGED!
#TrumpVlog Obama should be ashamed! The Federal Government has distributed the vaccines to the states. Now it is up to the states to administer. Get moving!
$2000 ASAP!
Twitter is shadow banning like never before. A disgrace that our weak and ineffective political leadership refuses to do anything about Big Tech. They’re either afraid or stupid, nobody really knows!
JANUARY SIXTH, SEE YOU IN DC!
The United States had more votes than it had people voting, by a lot. This travesty cannot be allowed to stand. It was a Rigged Election, one not even fit for third world countries!
Watching @FoxNews is almost as bad as watching Fake News @CNN. New alternatives are developing!
.@BrianKempGA, his puppet Lt. Governor @GeoffDuncanGA, and Secretary of State, are disasters for Georgia. Won’t let professionals get anywhere near Fulton County for signature verifications, or anything else. They are viWe now have far more votes than needed to flip Georgia in the Presidential race. Massive VOTER FRAUD took place. Thank you to the Georgia Legislature for today’s revealing meeting!
Finished off the year with the highest Stock Market in history. Setting records with your 401k’s, just like I said you would. Congratulations to all!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
I hope to see the great Governor of South Dakota @KristiNoem, run against RINO @SenJohnThune, in the upcoming 2022 Primary. She would do a fantastic job in the U.S. Senate, but if not Kristi, others are already lining up. South Dakota wants strong leadership, NOW!
The BIG Protest Rally in Washington, D.C., will take place at 11.00 A.M. on January 6th. Locational details to follow. StopTheSteal!
The BIG Protest Rally in Washington, D.C., will take place at 11.00 A.M. on January 6th. Locational details to follow. StopTheSteal!
SECURE THE BORDER! BUILD A WALL!
.@FoxNews Weekend Daytime is not watchable. Switching over to @OANN!
Because of the Trump Administration, hospitals are now required, effective immediately, to publish their REAL PRICES, which will create competition and drive downs costs MASSIVELY. Won lawsuit last week. Bigger than healthcare, it’s called PRICE TRANSPARENCY....
....Please remember who got it done!!!
Some States are very slow to inoculate recipients despite successful and very large scale distribution of vaccines by the Federal Government. They will get it done!
Before even discussing the massive corruption which took place in the 2020 Election, which gives us far more votes than is necessary to win all of the Swing States (only need three), it must be noted that the State Legislatures were not in any way responsible for the massive....
....is therefore both illegal and invalid, and that would include the two current Senatorial Elections. In Wisconsin, Voters not asking for applications invalidates the Election. All of this without even discussing the millions of fraudulent votes that were cast or altered!
....changes made to the voting process, rules and regulations, many made hastily before the election, and therefore the whole State Election is not legal or Constitutional. Additionally, the Georgia Consent Decree is Unconstitutional & the State 2020 Presidential Election....
For historical purposes remember, I was able to get rid of the INDIVIDUAL MANDATE, the most unpopular and expensive paTRANSPARENCY in medical pricing will be one of the biggest and most impoWill be in Georgia on Monday night, 9:00 P.M. to RALLY for two GREAT people, @sendavidperdue & @KLoeffler. GET READY TO VOTE ON TUESDAY!!!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....Just a small poWhy haven’t they done signature verification in Fulton County, Georgia. Why haven’t they deducted all of the dead people who “voted”, illegals who voted, non Georgia residents who voted, and tens of thousands of others who voted illegally, from the final vote tally?
The number of cases and deaths of the China Virus is far exaggerated in the United States because of @CDCgov’s ridiculous method of determination compared to other countries, many of whom repoRepublicans in Georgia must be careful of the political corruption in Fulton County, which is rampant. The Governor, @BrianKempGA, and his puppet Lt. Governor, @GeoffDuncanGA, have done less than nothing. They are a disgrace to the great people of Georgia!
I spoke to Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger yesterday about Fulton County and voter fraud in Georgia. He was unwilling, or unable, to answer questions such as the “ballots under table” scam, ballot destruction, out of state “voters”, dead voters, and more. He has no clue!
“Georgia election data, just revealed, shows that over 17,000 votes illegally flipped from Trump to Biden.” @OANN This alone (there are many other irregularities) is enough to easily “swing Georgia to Trump”. #StopTheSteal @HawleyMO @SenTedCruz @Jim_Jordan
Something how Dr. Fauci is revered by the LameStream Media as such a great professional, having done, they say, such an incredible job, yet he works for me and the Trump Administration, and I am in no way given any credit for my work. Gee, could this just be more Fake News?
Trump Speaks to State Legislators on Call About Dece....@SenTedCruz @HawleyMO @Jim_Jordan @senatemajldr @GOPLeader & THE WORLD!
The Swing States did not even come close to following the dictates of their State Legislatures. These States “election laws” were made up by local judges & politicians, not by their Legislatures, & are therefore, before even getting to irregularities & fraud, UNCONSTITUTIONAL!
Sorry, but the number of votes in the Swing States that we are talking about is VERY LARGE and totally OUTCOME DETERMINATIVE! Only the Democrats and some RINO’S would dare dispute this - even though they know it is true!
.@donlemon on @CNN at 10:00 P.M.
Thank you @AmSpec Response to Hillary Clinton- "@enzotorin @realDonaldTrump Trump is the man #Trump2016"
Let's go! #CelebApprentice
.@JuddApatow I agree!
Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed!
Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 A.M. Enjoy.
Mexico will pay for the wall!
Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing! #Trump2016
Watch @AC360 on NOW! @CNN
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
U.S. Stock Market up almost 20% since Election!
Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on @FoxNews.
Great night in Iowa - special people. Thank you!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My daughter, Ivanka, will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
The Fake Media is working oveThank you Lake WoCongratulations to @foxandfriends on its unbelievable ratings hike.
Merry Christmas!
WITCH HUNT!
China talks are going very well!
AMERICA FIRST!
Really big jobs meeting today at the White House! 3 P.M.
A complete Witch Hunt!
WITCH HUNT!
“House Democrats perpetrating a fraud on America.” @IngrahamAngle
WITCH HUNT!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Where’s the Fake Whistleblower?
HAPPY VETERANS DAY!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Looking forward to my meeting at 2:00 P.M. with wonderful Inner City Pastors!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Making Daylight Saving Time permanent is O.K. with me!
Great analysis by @foxandfriends!
AMERICA FIRST!
....The Fake News Media in our Country is the real Opposition Pa...The Fake News will knowingly lie and demean in order make the tremendous success of the Trump Administration, and me, look as bad as possible. They use non-existent sources &amp, write stories that are total fiction. Our Country is doing so well, yet this is a sad day in America!
....very often FAKE NEWS. Lamestream Media should be forced to reveal sources, very much as they did in the long ago past. If they did that, the media would be trusted again, and Fake News would largely be a thing if the past!
Mini Mike Bloomberg can never recover from his incompetent debate performances. Also, as mayor he was very bad under pressure - a chocker!
With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country, Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall, there is no Security. Human Trafficking, Drugs and Criminals of all dimensionns - KEEP OUT!
Very sadly, Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33% from 2017, to 33,341. This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crises taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country. Worse even than Afghanistan. Much caused by DRUGS. Wall is being built!
Remember, BIDEN is going to raise your taxes at a level never seen before. This will not only be very costly for you, it will destroy our economy, which is coming back very rapidly.
Your 401k’s will crash with Biden. Massive Biden Tax and Regulation increases will destroy all that you have built! Additionally, 180 Million People will lose their Private Healthcare Plans.
Good for the consumer, gasoline prices coming down!
Few people have ever fought as strongly for Iowa as Senator @JoniErnst! A combat Veteran, her service to Iowa and our Country is remarkable! Joni is Strong on Crime, our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and will protect your #2A at all times...
....BUT THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren, other than Mini Mike, was the loser of the night. She didn’t even come close to winning her home state of Massachusetts. Well, now she can just sit back with her husband and have a nice cold beer!
Judiciary Committee approves Judge Barrett. Moves to full Senate for final vote. Big day for America!
Play College Football!
LAW & ORDER!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!
Really Big Breaking News (Kidding): Booker, who was in zero polling territory, just dropped out of the Democrat Presidential Primary Race. Now I can rest easy tonight. I was sooo concerned that I would someday have to go head to head with him!
Thank you to @mirandadevine of the New York Post for your interesting (and correct) column today. “Trump has gained 20 points since Impeachment began in October. He gets 67% on economy. Nonwhite approval of Trump is also at a high: 28%, up 10 points in a year. Nice one, Nancy.”
“We demand fairness” shouts Pelosi and the Do Nothing Democrats, yet the Dems in the House wouldn’t let us have 1 witness, no lawyers or even ask questions. It was the most unfair witch-hunt in the history of Congress!
Many of the ads you are watching were paid for by Mini Mike Bloomberg. He is going nowhere, just wasting his money, but he is getting the DNC to rig the election against Crazy Bernie, something they wouldn’t do for @CoryBooker and others. They are doing it to Bernie again, 2016.
“Nancy Pelosi said, it’s not a question of proof, it’s a question of allegations! Oh really?” @JudgeJeanine @FoxNews What a disgrace this Impeachment Scam is for our great Country!
DISo last year 37,000 Americans died from the common Flu. It averages between 27,000 and 70,000 per year. Nothing is shut down, life & the economy go on. At this moment there are 546 confirmed cases of CoronaVirus, with 22 deaths. Think about that!
Thank you very much to Ken Langone for being a great American and for your wonderful comments on @TeamCavuto.
Mini Mike is now negotiating both to get on the Democrat Primary debate stage, and to have the right to stand on boxes, or a lift, during the debates. This is sometimes done, but really not fair!
Joe Biden was very disrespectful to President Obama at last night’s debate when he said that he, Joe, “was Vice President, not President,” when trying to make excuses for their failed immigration policies. I wonder what “O” was thinking when he heard that one?
In light of the attack from the Invisible Enemy, as well as the need to protect the jobs of our GREAT American Citizens, I will be signing an Executive Order to temporarily suspend immigration into the United States!
All the Radical Left Democrats are trying to do with the Post Office hearings is blame the Republicans for the FRAUD that will occur because of the 51 Million Ballots that are being sent to people who have not even requested them. They are setting the table for a BIG MESS!
The number of Coronavirus cases is strongly trending downward throughout the United States, with few exceptions. Very good news, indeed!
The LameStream Media is the dominant force in trying to get me to keep our Country closed as long as possible in the hope that it will be detrimental to my election success. The real people want to get back to work ASAP. We will be stronger than ever before!
Congressman Scott DesJarlais (@tndesjarlais) has been a tremendous advocate for Tennessee! One of my earliest suppoNASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH. Tremendous progress being made, way ahead of schedule. USA!
One of the reasons that Fake News has become so prevalent & far reaching is the fact that corrupt “journalists” base their stories on SOURCES that they make up in order to totally distoThank you @JackBrewerBSI. We’re with you all the way. The American people know what’s going on, they totally get it. Watch what happens in November 2020! Thank you for your continued suppo.....least 5 States & the Nomination. Did the DNC & Dems tell Elizabeth Warren to wait? If so, they were deadly, the race would have been over, & Bernie would have won. Di....very often FAKE NEWS. Lamestream Media should be forced to reveal sources, very much as they did in the long ago past. If they did that, the media would be trusted again, and Fake News would largely be a thing of the past!
We should have the small remaining number of our BRAVE Men and Women serving in Afghanistan home by Christmas!
My highly regarded Executive Order protected 525,000 American jobs during the height of the Chinese Plague. Democrats want to have Open Borders!
THANK YOU NOIf we don’t win, the Radical Left will destroy our Country. Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the SCOTUS! Dems will pack the CouJUST VOTED. A great honor!
THANK YOU NOBiden wants to Pack the CouObama is campaigning for us. Every time he speaks, people come over to our side. He didn’t even want to endorse Sleepy Joe. Did so long after primaries were over!
Finally! Suburban women are flocking over to us. They realize that I am saving the Suburbs - the American Dream! I terminated the Regulation that would bring projects and crime to Suburbia. Not on my watch! Biden will bring the Regulation back, but bigger and worse.
Will be doing a press conference today at 5:00 P.M. The White House. People are working harder than I have ever seen people work. It is a beautiful thing to watch!
I commend the hard work of Senator @SteveDaines and @SenCoryGardner in protecting funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund for years to come. The citizens of Montana and Colorado thank you both!
ENJOY THE GAME USA, OUR COUNTRY IS DOING GREAT!
Mitt Romney did great in the debate last night.
The Fannie and Freddie execs should not get million dollar bonuses with our tax dollars. They were bailed out with $169B of our money.
China is advocating on behalf of Iran's nuclear program -- the Chinese oppose both sanctions and any militar... (cont) He is out of real solutions--@BarackObama's job bill is nothing more than a tax increase.
The @SuperCommittee will fail. The Republicans never should have agreed to the debt deal.
Instead of trash talking @PMIsrael on the world stage, @BarackObama should be defending @Israel.
America should not be pressuring @Israel to show restraint against Iran. We should be working to stop Iran's nuclear drive.
Some @OWS protesters are sincere people frustrated with the system--others just in for the pa@GregE_IoM. Only in your weak mind!
Sugar is nowhere near being a billionaire-and I know, he works for me!
"@SirMiestro: S/O TO MY MAN @realDonaldTrump ....#SALUTE "@piersmorgan: Bob Costas is one of the smaI'm watching Knicks game-I'd bet all of those guys with the terrible tattoos wish they never got them-too bad, too late!
Why didn't President Obama just go inside when it staWho do you like of the final two? #CelebApprentice The LIVE FINALE of @ApprenticeNBC is this Sunday at 9/8C. Watch and see who will be the first ever All-Star Celebrity Apprentice.
"Enviro friendly? "AP IMPACT: Obama administration allows wind farms to kill eagles, birds despite federal laws" Republicans will be providing far better Healthcare than the Democrats, at a far lower cost...And will always protect people with Pre-existing conditions!!!!
Interesting? By Congress not wanting the special 5 minute testing apparatus, they are saying that they are not “essential”. In any event, we have great testing capacity, and have performed 6.5 million tests, which is more than every country in the world, combined!
AMERICA FIRST!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Joe Biden = Biggest Tax Increase In History and The Complete Obliteration Of Your Second Amendment!
The more you learn about the debt deal, the worse it gets.
Your questions about my desk answered in today's #trumpvlog... Here we go again, another Con Job by the Do Nothing Democrats. All of this work was supposed to be done by the House, not the Senate!
Such Fake repoMy decision to appoint @usairforce General Charles Brown as the USA’s first-ever African American military service chief has now been approved by the Senate. A historic day for America! Excited to work even more closely with Gen. Brown, who is a Patriot and Great Leader!
....It has now been determined that the Mueller Scam should never have been set up in the first place, there were no grounds. It was all an illegitimate Witch Hunt, & a big price must be paid. How different my life would have been if this fraud on America was never committed!!!
ALEThe Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats keep chanting “fairness”, when they put on the most unfair Witch Hunt in the history of the U.S. Congress. They had 17 Witnesses, we were allowed ZERO, and no lawyers. They didn’t do their job, had no case. The Dems are scamming America!
.@CNN has no sources on the Task Force. Their “sources” are made up, pure fiction! Jim Acosta is a Fake repoThey are staging a coup against Bernie!
Democrats = 17 Witnesses. Republicans = 0 Witnesses.
I am allocating $2.96 BILLION in Emergency Solutions Grants to suppoThe Democrat PaSally Yates has zero credibility. She was a paWas Andy McCabe ever forced to pay back the $700,000 illegally given to him and his wife, for his wife’s political campaign, by Crooked Hillary Clinton while Hillary was under FBI investigation, and McCabe was the head of the FBI??? Just askin’?
به مردم شجاع و رنج کشیده ایران: من از ابتدای دوره ریاست جمهوریم با شما ایستاده‌ام و دولت من همچنان با شما خواهد ایستاد. ما اعتراضات شما را از نزدیک دنبال می کنیم. شجاعت شما الهام بخش است.
What’s going on, almost nobody is showing up for Sleepy Joe rallies!
Relief is on the way to Utah! I’m proud to send $187.18M in CARES Act funding to @RideUTA. This money will keep people moving and suppoNo matter what you give to the Democrats, in the end, they will NEVER be satisfied. In the House, they gave us NOTHING!
Great work in the Republican Senate on some big nominees. Still 154 to go, hope they don’t adjourn until the job is done! @senatemajldr
Iowa and New Hampshire will not be moved from the Primary Schedule as long as I am President. Great tradition!
Heading to Florida for big Republican PaEvery time you see a negative Big Pharma commercial against me remember, it means your drug prices are coming way down!
This is an incredible time for our nation—we are in the midst of the Great American Comeback! Jobs are booming, incomes are soaring, poveAll that time and money spent, and it turns out that the Mueller Investigation was a total SCAM!
I JUST GOT IMPEACHED FOR MAKING A PERFECT PHONE CALL!
The Democrats in the House should propose a very simple one year Payroll Tax cut. Great for the middle class, great for the USA!
The farmers are really happy with the new China Trade Deal and the soon to be signed deal with Mexico and Canada, but I hope the thing they will most remember is the fact that I was able to take massive incoming Tariff money and use it to help them get through the tough times!
So much of the Lamestream Media is writing and broadcasting stories with facts that are made up and knowingly wrong. They are doing it by quoting unnamed sources that simply do not exist. These are very dangerous & corrupt people, who will do anything to win. NAME YOUR SOURCES!
We have now learned for sure that the Democrats don’t want anything to do with Crazy Bernie. Rigged? First @amyklobuchar & @PeteButtigieg quit the race & come out for Sleepy Joe BEFORE Super Tuesday. Pocahontas says NO & quits race AFTER ELECTION, thereby depriving Bernie of at..
New York State is killing small businesses. Let them properly open! @foxandfriends
“For the first time in history, Police Organizations & National Security Organizations were used to SPY on a Campaign, & there was no basis for it. The media largely drove that, & claims were made that could have affected the election of the President.” A.G. Bill Barr @BretBaier
Texas & Oklahoma: Mini Mike Bloomberg will kill your drilling, fracking and pipelines. Petroleum based “anything” is dead. Energy jobs gone. Don’t vote for Mini Mike!
Another win just in. Nervous Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats in Congress sued me, thrown out. This one unanimous, in the D.C. Circuit.Witch Hunt!
Great statement to Congress by @Jim_Jordan concerning Defunding (not!) our great Police. This Radical Left agenda is not going to happen. Sleepy Joe Biden will be (already is) pulled all the way Left. Many, like Minneapolis, want to close their Police Depa“Cities across the Nation that are run by Democrats are in shambles.” Matt Walsh @TuckerCarlson
....always continue. Every Republican Senator except Romney, many highly religious people, all very smaI was very surprised & disappointed that Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia voted against me on the Democrat’s totally paThe New York Times is an embarrassment to journalism. They were a dead paper before I went into politics, and they will be a dead paper after I leave, which will be in 5 years. Fake News is the Enemy of the people!
A very big CONGRATULATIONS to the great @seanhannity on having the Number One Book on the Planet, “Live Free Or Die”. The book is fantastic, and so true. Keep Sean Number One!
New book by @charliekirk11, already number 1, “The MAGA Doctrine”. Really great, SUPPO...history of Winning, Victory, and Freedom. The United States of America trained and deployed our HEROES on these Hallowed Grounds, and won two World Wars. Therefore, my Administration will not even consider the renaming of these Magnificent and Fabled Military Installations...
...Our history as the Greatest Nation in the World will not be tampered with. Respect our Military!
On my way, Nevada!
Had a very good meeting with @kbsalsaud of Saudi Arabia. We discussed Trade, Military, Oil Prices, Security, and Stability in the Middle East!
Great interview with @GOPLeader Kevin McCaMini Mike Bloomberg can never recover from his incompetent debate performances. Also, as mayor he was very bad under pressure - a choker!
“There is no crime here. I just think this whole thing should be rejected out of hand. I wouldn’t waste a minute of taxpayer dollars or time on this. EnteCryin’ Chuck Schumer is saying privately that the new China Trade Deal is unbelievable, which it is, but publicly he knocks it whenever possible. That’s politics, but so bad for our great Country!
Sally Yates is either lying or grossly incompetent. It is not possible she could have known so little about DiIt has been suggested that we should rename as many as 10 of our Legendary Military Bases, such as FoHispanics seem to be strongly favoring President Trump! @OANN
I am sending $219.9M to the San Diego area in CARES Act funding for @sdmts. These funds from @USDOT will be CRITICAL for economic recovery. We have to keep people moving safely and efficiently!
Big $$$$ headed to the Pittsburgh area! I’m sending $141.7M in CARES Act funding to @PGHtransit from @USDOT to aid in the recovery. This will be critical to helping people get where they need to go and more impo....Federal Government. A quarantine will not be necessary. Full details will be released by CDC tonight. Thank you!
On the recommendation of the White House CoronaVirus Task Force, and upon consultation with the Governor’s of New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, I have asked the @CDCgov to issue a strong Travel Advisory, to be administered by the Governors, in consultation with the....
....Joe Biden, and Bernie is shut out again. Very unfair, but that’s the way the Democrats play the game. Anyway, it’s a lot of fun to watch!
Your 2nd Amendment is under very serious attack in the Great Commonwealth of Virginia. That’s what happens when you vote for Democrats, they will take your guns away. Republicans will win Virginia in 2020. Thank you Dems!
Happy BiThe so-called “Supreme Leader” of Iran, who has not been so Supreme lately, had some nasty things to say about the United States and Europe. Their economy is crashing, and their people are suffering. He should be very careful with his words!
.@CNN doesn’t want to speak about their persecution of General Michael Flynn & why they got the story so wrong. They, along with others, should pay a big price for what they have purposely done to this man & his family. They won’t even cover the big breaking news about this scam!
...And the Trump family didn’t ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry propeWow! The Front Page @washingtonpost Headline reads, “A BOOST IN TESTS, BUT LACK OF TAKERS.” We have done a great job on Ventilators, Testing, and everything else. Were left little by Obama. Over 11 million tests, and going up fast. More than all countries in the world, combined.
REOPEN OUR COUNTRY!
Tremendous surge in new housing construction in December, 16.9%, biggest in many years!
Just told that Fake News @CNN is falsely repoI am calling on Congress to send me a Bill that fully and permanently funds the LWCF and restores our National Parks. When I sign it into law, it will be HISTORIC for our beautiful public lands. ALL thanks to @SenCoryGardner and @SteveDaines, two GREAT Conservative Leaders!
Once again, Sleepy Joe told the press they could go home at 9 A.M. Meanwhile, your Favorite President, me, will go to Reno, Nevada tonight, three stops in Las Vegas tomorrow, with California and Arizona on schedule Monday. Don’t worry, we won’t be taking off Tuesday, either!
LAW & ORDER!
“Day after day, really good news on the economy. By the way, this didn’t just happen by accident, it’s the result of a lot of the policies that Donald Trump has put into place. Obviously, the Tax Cut, and now we have these two BIG trade deals.” @StephenMoore Great future growth!
Lyin’ Brian Williams of MSDNC, a Concast Scam Company, wouldn’t know the truth if it was nailed to his wooden forehead. Remember when he lied about his bravery in a helicopter? Totally made up story. He’s a true dummy who was thrown off Network News like a dog. Stay tuned!
...And the Trump family didn’t ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry propeWhile I travel the Country, Joe sleeps in his basement, telling the Fake News Media to “get lost”. If you’re a repo“Trade Deals Drive Stocks To Record Highs.” @FoxNews
How can voters be sending in Ballots staRadical Left Governor @JayInslee and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before. Take back your city NOW. If you don’t do it, I will. This is not a game. These ugly Anarchists must be stooped IMMEDIATELY. MOVE FAST!
I must admit that Lyin’ Brian Williams is, while dumber than hell, quite a bit sma@MegaLouise88. O.K. write me.
“Very troubled by Durham probe findings.” A.G. Bill Barr @BretBaier @FoxNews
Just landed in Nevada but while on Air Force One watched most vicious TV commercial I have ever seen. Pathetic Joe’s people placed an unsourced ad where they have me saying unthinkable things about soldiers while standing over their graves. It is a MADE UP LIE. A TOTAL CON JOB!
Hope the FDA can approve Mask Sterilization equipment ASAP. As per Governor @MikeDeWine, there is a company in Ohio, @Battelle, which has equipment that can sterilize masks quickly.
Joe Biden cannot LEAD our Country, because he does not BELIEVE in our Country. At Biden’s convention, they decried America as a wicked, sinful nation, destined for a fate of doom and despair. They even removed the words “Under God” from the Pledge of Allegiance – twice...
Does anybody really believe that Roger Stone, a man whose house was raided early in the morning by 29 gun toting FBI Agents (with Fake News @CNN closely in toe), was treated fairly. How about the jury forewoman with her unannounced hatred & bias. Same scammers as General Flynn!
Domestic Terrorists have taken over Seattle, run by Radical Left Democrats, of course. LAW & ORDER!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
Our great National Guard Troops who took care of the area around the White House could hardly believe how easy it was. “A walk in the park”, one said. The protesters, agitators, anarchists (ANTIFA), and others, were handled VERY easily by the Guard, D.C. Police, & S.S. GREAT JOB!
What happened to General Michael Flynn, a war hero, should never be allowed to happen to a citizen of the United States again!
Just depaFAKE POLLING, just like 2016 (but worse)!
.@PeteHegseth “Oh bye the way, I appreciate the message from former President Bush, but where was he during Impeachment calling for putting paThe Wall Street Journal Editorial states that it doesn’t want me to act in an “impulsive” manner in Afghanistan. Could somebody please explain to them that we have been there for 19 years, and while soldier counts are way down now, hardly impulsive. Besides, the Taliban is.....
Sleepy Joe Biden refuses to leave his basement “sanctuary” and tell his Radical Left BOSSES that they are heading in the wrong direction. Tell them to get out of Seattle now. Liberal Governor @JayInslee is looking “the fool”. LAW & ORDER!
STOCK MARKET AT ALL-TIME HIGH! HOW ARE YOUR 401K’S DOING? 70%, 80%, 90% up? Only 50% up! What are you doing wrong?
THOSE THAT DENY THEIR HISTORY ARE DOOMED TO REPEAT IT!
Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren singlehandedly destroyed the Bernie Sanders campaign by stripping voters away from his count on Super T. He lost states that he easily would have won if she had dropped out 3 days earlier. The DNC is doing it to Bernie again! Will he ever get angry?
....was given a horrendous repoFake News @CNN & MSDNC keep talking about “Lt. Col.” Vindman as though I should think only how wonderful he was. Actually, I don’t know him, never spoke to him, or met him (I don’t believe!) but, he was very insubordinate, repoJust like Radical Left New York is trying to destroy the NRA, if Biden becomes President your GREAT SECOND AMENDMENT doesn’t have a chance. Your guns will be taken away, immediately and without notice. No police, no guns!
Heading to Toledo, Ohio, for first Rally of the year. Tremendous crowd. Here we go for a big 2020 Win!
Now the Democrats are trying to smear Bernie with Russia, Russia, Russia. They are driving him Crazy!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Pa.@foxandfriends trounces Morning Psycho (MSDNC) in the Ratings!
Such an honor! Drudge is down 40% plus since he became Fake News. Most impoAnarchists just took over Seattle and the Liberal Democrat Governor just said he knows “nothing about that”.
The Lamestream Media wants us to fail. That will NEVER happen!
Radical Left Governor @JayInslee and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before. Take back your city NOW. If you don’t do it, I will. This is not a game. These ugly Anarchists must be stopped IMMEDIATELY. MOVE FAST!
“Trump has outmastered the Deep State. He’s light years ahead of us.” MSDNC. I disagree. We have a long way to go. There are still some very bad, sick people in our government - people who do not love our Country (In fact, they hate our Country!).
They are taking the Democrat Nomination away from Crazy Bernie, just like last time. Some things never change!
Crazy Nancy Pelosi’s Impeachment Hoax has lifted Republican Congressional Polls (she lost the House once before!), and my Polls, WAY UP, which was expected, but it has had a great effect on Republican Senate races, including NoAnother Fake Book by two third rate Washington Post repoThe Obama/Biden Administration is the most corrupt Administration in the history of our Country!
Seriously failed presidential candidate, Senator Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren, just introduced an Amendment on the renaming of many of our legendary Military Bases from which we trained to WIN two World Wars. Hopefully our great Republican Senators won’t fall for this!
Polls are showing tremendous disapproval of Lamestream Media coverage of the Virus crisis. The Fake News just hasn’t figured that out yet!
A massive 200 Billion Dollar Sea Wall, built around New York to protect it from rare storms, is a costly, foolish & environmentally unfriendly idea that, when needed, probably won’t work anyway. It will also look terrible. Sorry, you’ll just have to get your mops & buckets ready!
The only way to stop the crazed Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats “is for the Republican Senate to run an offense here”. @LeeSmithDC @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews So true, although the Dems Hoaxes & Witch Hunts have driven up Republican Polls, and mine, mightily!
Great job being done by the @VP and the CoronaVirus Task Force. Thank you!
Because the “Ratings” of my News Conferences etc. are so high, “Bachelor finale, Monday Night Football type numbers” according to the @nytimes, the Lamestream Media is going CRAZY. “Trump is reaching too many people, we must stop him.” said one lunatic. See you at 5:00 P.M.!
Chris @JacobsNY27 is a Great Winner and Fighter for New York. He will never let you down! Strong on Crime, Military, our Vets, Reducing Taxes, Regulations, and impo....BUT THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
Despite very tough competition, @NancyMace had a tremendous victory on Tuesday in South Carolina’s 1st Congressional District. The first woman to graduate from the Citadel, she is a Great Warrior who we need in Washington now...
...the worst weeks ever.” She could have had a much better week if Crazy Nancy, who is the most overrated person in politics (going to lose the House a second time), didn’t bring the phony & corrupt Impeachment Hoax. Dems can’t do anything right, just look at the Iowa vote count!
.@RepDebDingell, who called me, tears flowing, to thank me for rolling out the maximum “Red Carpet” for the funeral of her husband, then voted against me on the pa...alone attracted 6.2 million viewers for the president’s briefing — an astounding number for a 6 p.m. cable broadcast, more akin to the viewership for a popular prime-time sitcom...
....BUT THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
If you listened to the flawed advice of @paulkrugman at the @nytimes, a newspaper that was going broke until I came along, you would have entirely missed the RECORD BREAKING Stock Market (and other) numbers produced since Election Day, 2016. Sorry, those are the FACTS....
...On Monday, nearly 12.2 million people watched Mr. Trump’s briefing on CNN, Fox News and MSNBC, according to Nielsen — ‘Monday Night Football’ numbers. Millions more are watching on ABC, CBS, NBC and online streaming sites, and the audience is expanding. On Monday, Fox News...
Congratulations to @KarenHandel on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75%, despite tough competition. Previously beat Jon Ossof who, after his 2017 Congressional failure, is now running against a GREAT Senator, David @PerdueSenate...
...The CBS News poll said 13 percent of Republicans trusted the news media for information about the virus.” Michael M. Grynbaum @NYTimes
We will not be touching your Social Security or Medicare in Fiscal 2021 Budget. Only the Democrats will destroy them by destroying our Country’s greatest ever Economy!
If you listened to the flawed advice of @paulkrugman at the @nytimes, a newspaper that was going broke until I came along, you would have entirely missed the RECORD BREAKING Stock Market (and other) numbers produced since Election Day, 2016. Sorry, those are the FACTS....
We need our Great David Perdue (@PerdueSenate) in the Senate to Drain the Swamp & Make America Great Again! His Radical Liberal opponent, Jon Ossoff (who we beat in 2017), suppoSo much FAKE NEWS!
Saudi Arabia and Russia are arguing over the price and flow of oil. That, and the Fake News, is the reason for the market drop!
If you listened to the flawed advice of @paulkrugman at the @nytimes, a newspaper that was going broke until I came along, you would have entirely missed the RECORD BREAKING Stock Market (and other) numbers produced since Election Day, 2016. Sorry, those are the FACTS.....
“President Trump is a ratings hit. Since reviving the daily White House briefing Mr. Trump and his coronavirus updates have attracted an average audience of 8.5 million on cable news, roughly the viewership of the season finale of ‘The Bachelor.’ Numbers are continuing to rise...
The biggest loser tonight, by far, is Mini Mike Bloomberg. His “political” consultants took him for a ride. $700 million washed down the drain, and he got nothing for it but the nickname Mini Mike, and the complete destruction of his reputation. Way to go Mike!
I am proud to announce the PoI am proud to announce the San Francisco Bay Area will receive over $700M in federal funds to suppoDC’s @WMATA system is getting over $876M, a big boost to stay open & operating! The federal funds will keep workers paid & buses & trains running on a limited schedule as they are needed for essential trips. Good news for those who rely on transit! Congrats to @MayorBowser & all!
In the highly competitive world of high tech, how come nobody has ever challenged Mini Mike Bloomberg and his very average, & supposedly outdated, “stuff” that he sells to so many? Did he use his position as Mayor of New York to create what is now a monopoly? Just askin’?
Matt @Mowers is a champion for the Great State of New Hampshire! He was a winner in my Administration and he will always put America First. Strong on our Military, Vets, Low Taxes and the...
Congratulations to @KarenHandel on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75%, despite tough competition. Previously beat Jon Ossoff who, after his 2017 Congressional failure, is now running against a GREAT Senator, David @PerdueSenate...
Congressman Michael Guest (@GuestCongress) is an incredible fighter for the Great State of Mississippi. Michael is strong on Crime and the Border, he loves our Military and Vets. Michael has my Complete and Total Endorsement! Get out and Vote for Michael tomorrow, March 10th!
My @SuperBowl Interview at 3:30 P.M. on @foxnetworks. Enjoy!
So proud of the @USACEHQ, @FEMA, and the Federal Government for the 2,900 bed hospital they built in 4 days (way ahead of schedule) in the Javits Center for NY. We are now moving the teams to join others so they can continue to build more hospitals/beds. Keep up the GREAT WORK!
Will be staI called the politicization of the China Virus by the Radical Left Democrats a Hoax, not the China Virus itself. Everybody knows this except for the Fake and very Corrupt Media!
U.S. Cancer Death Rate Lowest In Recorded History! A lot of good news coming out of this Administration.
Sleepy Joe Biden has spent 47 years in politics being terrible to Hispanics. Now he is relying on Castro lover Bernie Sanders to help him out. That won’t work! Remember, Miami Cubans gave me the highly honored Bay of Pigs Award for all I have done for our great Cuban Population!
Now Mini Mike Bloomberg is critical of Jack Wilson, who saved perhaps hundreds of people in a Church because he was carrying a gun, and knew how to use it. Jack quickly killed the shooter, who was beginning a rampage. Mini is against the 2nd A. His ads are Fake, just like him!
“11,000 points gained in the Dow in the 3 years since the Election of President Trump. Today it may hit 29,000. That has NEVER happened before in that time frame. That has added 12.8 Trillion Dollars to the VALUE of American Business.” @Varneyco @FoxNews The best is yet to come!
Just signed a new Executive Order to LOWER DRUG PRICES! My Most Favored Nation order will ensure that our Country gets the same low price Big Pharma gives to other countries. The days of global freeriding at America’s expense are over...
Congratulations to my daughter, Tiffany, on graduating from Georgetown Law. Great student, great school. Just what I need is a lawyer in the family. Proud of you Tiff!
Nancy Pelosi will go down as the absolute worst Speaker of the House in U.S. history!
To the brave, long-suffering people of Iran: I've stood with you since the beginning of my Presidency, and my Administration will continue to stand with you. We are following your protests closely, and are inspired by your courage.
....And then came a Plague, a great and powerful Plague, and the World was never to be the same again! But America rose from this death and destruction, always remembering its many lost souls, and the lost souls all over the World, and became greater than ever before!
“I said NO to a deal, Lou. If I would be willing to re-remember......they would recommend no jail time, & I said NO. This President needs to be re-elected, Lou. One of the greatest Presidents in my lifetime. I would never give false testimony against him.” Roger Stone @LouDobbs..
Will be interviewed tonight by Laura @IngrahamAngle at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
The Radical Left Democrats: First they try to take away your guns. Then they try to take away your police!
Getting ready to meet the LSU Tigers, the National Champions. Great Coach, great Team, great School. Very exciting!
Mini Mike Bloomberg ads are purposely wrong - A vanity project for him to get into the game. Nobody in many years has done for the USA what I have done for the USA, including the greatest economy in history, rebuilding our military, biggest ever tax & regulation cuts, & 2nd A!
Pete Rose played Major League Baseball for 24 seasons, from 1963-1986, and had more hits, 4,256, than any other player (by a wide margin). He gambled, but only on his own team winning, and paid a decades long price. GET PETE ROSE INTO THE BASEBALL HALL OF FAME. It’s Time!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:55 A.M. USA STRONG!
Where have the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats gone when they have spent the last 3 days defending the life of Qassem Soleimani, one of the worst terrorists in history and the father of the roadside bomb? He was also looking to do big future damage! Dems are “unhinged.”
Mini Mike Bloomberg doesn’t get on the Democrat Debate Stage because he doesn’t want to - he is a terrible debater and speaker. If he did, he would go down in the polls even more (if that is possible!).
“There is no crime here. Ente“Years from now, when we look back at this day, nobody’s going to remember Nancy’s cheap theatrics, they will remember though how President Trump brought the Chinese to the bargaining table and delivered achievements few ever thought were possible.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews
Congratulations to the Kansas City Chiefs on a great game, and a fantastic comeback, under immense pressure. You represented the Great State of Kansas and, in fact, the entire USA, so very well. Our Country is PROUD OF YOU!
The Democrat establishment came together and crushed Bernie Sanders, AGAIN! Even the fact that Elizabeth Warren stayed in the race was devastating to Bernie and allowed Sleepy Joe to unthinkably win Massachusetts. It was a perfect storm, with many good states remaining for Joe!
“I’ve been doing this for 40 years and I’ve never seen anything like this (Economy).” @Varneyco @foxandfriends
....for the foreign policies of the President.” @AlanDersh Alan Dershowitz @seanhannity @FoxNews They do what the House asks. The Swamp!
“The GOA got it exactly backwards. Here’s what they said. The law does not permit the President to substitute his own policy priorities to those Congress has enacted into law. It’s exactly the opposite. The Constitution does not allow Congress to substitute its own priorities....
Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats delayed the Workers Help/Stimulus Bill by over a week, trying to add real “junk” into the Bill. Got some bad things, having nothing to do with those affected by the Virus, included. Republicans need their votes until we WIN BACK THE HOUSE IN 2020!
Congratulations to the Kansas City Chiefs on a great game and a fantastic comeback under immense pressure. We are proud of you and the Great State of Missouri. You are true Champions!
“In the House, the President got less due process than the 9-11 terrorists got. This is a corrupt process?” Mark Levin @marklevinshow “Very much so!” @RepDougCollins @FoxNews
Wow! @foxandfriends blew away the competition of Morning Joke (which did very poorly) on MSDNC (Another Comcast sleaze production), and @CNN’s New Day, in the Morning Television Ratings. A total blowout, but that’s what you get when you treat “Trump” fairly!
Michigan sends absentee ballot applications to 7.7 million people ahead of Primaries and the General Election. This was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue Secretary of State. I will ask to hold up funding to Michigan if they want to go down this Voter Fraud path!
....beaten Sleepy Joe in a LANDSLIDE, every State, if these events didn’t happen. Even if Warren just dropped out, he would have easily won. Dems did it to him with Crooked Hillary and now, even more so...and Bernie doesn’t even complain. VOTE for Trump on TRADE, better than BS!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!!!!
Going to be a BAD day for Crazy Bernie!
On #NationalDoctorsDay, we recognize the remarkable men & women who treat their fellow Americans, find cures for the diseases & illnesses we face, and never waver in their effoI will be going to the Great State of Tennessee on Friday. The USA stands with the people of Tennessee 100%, whatever they need! The tornadoes were of record size & velocity. God bless your loved ones & all of the families affected! Thanks to @GovBillLee & @MarshaBlackburn
I’m with the TRUCKERS all the way. Thanks for the meeting at the White House with my representatives from the Administration. It is all going to work out well!
True, with number 1 being more impoCases, numbers and deaths are going down all over the Country!
....Together, we built the greatest economy in history. We will do it again – better than ever before!
Great call with thousands of our Hispanic community, business, and faith leaders today. During this national trial, we have been uplifted by the grit, determination, prayers, and patriotism of Hispanic Americans....
The Democrat PaThe great people of Montana can have no better VOICE than Senator @SteveDaines. He is doing an incredible job! Whoever the Democrat nominee may be, please understand that I will be working hard with Steve all the way, & last night I was 20 for 20 (per @GOPLeader). WE NEED STEVE!
Why doesn’t @FoxNews put up the CNBC POLL or the (believe it or not!) @CNN Poll? Hope Roger A is looking down and watching what has happened to this once beautiful creation!
China is on a massive disinformation campaign because they are desperate to have Sleepy Joe Biden win the presidential race so they can continue to rip-off the United States, as they have done for decades, until I came along!
....It all comes from the top. They could have easily stopped the plague, but they didn’t!
“Concast” should open up a long overdue Florida Cold Case against Psycho Joe Scarborough. I know him and Crazy Mika well, used them beautifully in the last Election, dumped them nicely, and will state on the record that he is “nuts”. Besides, bad ratings! #OPENJOECOLDCASE
Great Jobs Numbers!
They didn’t want John Bolton and others in the House. They were in too much of a rush. Now they want them all in the Senate. Not supposed to be that way!
I hope the House and Senate Democrats, in paOur pathetic, slow moving Federal Reserve, headed by Jay Powell, who raised rates too fast and lowered too late, should get our Fed Rate down to the levels of our competitor nations. They now have as much as a two point advantage, with even bigger currency help. Also, stimulate!
Getting great reviews, finally, for how well we are handling the pandemic, especially our strong production of desperately needed ventilators, the building of field hospitals & beds, and soon, the great things we are doing on testing. People are really working well together!
White House news conference at 5:00 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
Wow! If Elizabeth Warren wasn’t in the race, Bernie Sanders would have EASILY won Massachusetts, Minnesota and Texas, not to mention various other states. Our modern day Pocahontas won’t go down in history as a winner, but she may very well go down as the all time great SPOILER!
Spokesman speaks stupidly on behalf of China, trying desperately to deflect the pain and carnage that their country spread throughout the world. Its disinformation and propaganda attack on the United States and Europe is a disgrace....
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer is now asking for “fairness”, when he and the Democrat House members worked together to make sure I got ZERO fairness in the House. So, what else is new?
The Federal Reserve must be a leader, not a very late follower, which it has been!
The Mayor of Los Angeles, @ericgarcetti, is dealing with us trying to get the Federal Government to fix the terrible problem he and the Dems have caused with the homeless, and the horrendous effects it is having on the City, which is a mess. I then watch him talk “trash” on me!
There is another Russia, Russia, Russia meeting today. It is headed up by corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff, so I wouldn’t expect too much! @DHS_Wolf
Mini Mike Bloomberg just “quit” the race for President. I could have told him long ago that he didn’t have what it takes, and he would have saved himself a billion dollars, the real cost. Now he will pour money into Sleepy Joe’s campaign, hoping to save face. It won’t work!
Pelosi and Schumer only interested in Bailout Money for poorly run Democrat cities and states. Nothing to do with China Virus! Want one trillion dollars. No interest. We are going a different way!
Nancy Pelosi just said, “I don’t know if we can be ready this week.” In other words, it’s off to vacation for the Do Nothing Democrats. That’s been the story with them for 1 1/2 years!
Mini Mike Bloomberg will now FIRE Tim O’Brien, and all of the fools and truly dumb people who got him into this MESS. This has been the worst, and most embarrassing, experience of his life...and now on to Sleepy Joe!
Mexico is sadly experiencing very big CoronaVirus problems, and now California, get this, doesn’t want people coming over the Southern Border. A Classic! They are sooo lucky that I am their President. Border is very tight and the Wall is rapidly being built!
“New York Governor Cuomo says President Trump has been “very helpful.” @foxandfriends Thank you, everybody is working very hard!
...We will be having a conference call on Sunday with President Macron, leaders of Lebanon, and leaders from various other paUSA! USA! USA!
Our CoronaVirus Team has been doing a great job. Even Democrat governors have been VERY complimentary!
...But, just like the people of West Virginia will no longer look at weak & pathetic Joe Manchin the same (I got the Pension Bill approved, Manchin couldn’t do it), the wonderful people of Utah will never look at “grandstander” Mitt Romney with anything but contempt & disgust!
Can’t say I mind the fact that the great people of West Virginia are furious at their puppet Democrat Senator, Joe Manchin. They will never forget his phony vote on the Impeachment Hoax. All he had to do is read the Transcripts, sadly, which he wouldn’t understand anyway.....
Mini Mike, “Three months ago I entered the race for President to defeat Donald Trump, (and I failed miserably!).
I watched a poI will be doing a news conference on the ChinaVirus, the just announced very good economic numbers, and the improving economy, at 7pm from Bedminster, New Jersey. Also, the subject of the Beirut, Lebanon catastrophe will be discussed.
Thank you to everyone for all of the great reviews I have gotten on my State of the Union Speech. It was an immense honor for me to have presented it to you and the citizens of our very strong and wonderful Country!
Ronald Reagan’s great economist, the recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom, has just said great things about a Payroll Tax Cut!
With interest rates for the United States being at ZERO, this is the time to do our decades long awaited Infrastructure Bill. It should be VERY BIG & BOLD, Two Trillion Dollars, and be focused solely on jobs and rebuilding the once great infrastructure of our Country! Phase 4
State of Nevada “thinks” that they can send out illegal vote by mail ballots, creating a great Voter Fraud scenario for the State and the U.S. They can’t! If they do, “I think” I can hold up funds to the State. Sorry, but you must not cheat in elections. @RussVought45 @USTreasury
Some wacko in China just released a statement blaming everybody other than China for the Virus which has now killed hundreds of thousands of people. Please explain to this dope that it was the “incompetence of China”, and nothing else, that did this mass Worldwide killing!
....Roger Stone has been treated very unfairly. How about that jury Forewoman, does anybody think that was fair. DISGRACEFUL! Stay tuned. @FoxNews And guys like Low Ratings Psycho Joe Scarborough are allowed to walk the streets? Open Cold Case!
Big wins in Tennessee and Kansas! Congratulations to @BillHageCongratulations to the Great State of Tennessee. You’ve got yourselves a fantastic football team. Big WIN last night!
My team is closely monitoring the flooding in Central Michigan – Stay SAFE and listen to local officials. Our brave First Responders are once again stepping up to serve their fellow citizens, THANK YOU!
Now that our Country is “Transitioning back to Greatness”, I am considering rescheduling the G-7, on the same or similar date, in Washington, D.C., at the legendary Camp David. The other members are also beginning their COMEBACK. It would be a great sign to all - normalization!
$49.8M is on its way to @DallasLoveField AirpoMSDNC and FAKE NEWS CNN are going wild trying to protect China!
Pandering Mini Mike Bloomberg, along with his wacky friend, Tom Steyer, have found out the hard way that you can’t buy the election! They both wish they had it to do over again!
Great news for the Dallas area! Dallas Area Rapid Transit (DAWill be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
THANK YOU #USNSComfoCongress has agreed to provide $8 Billion to fight Coronavirus! This means @CDC, @HHSGov, and @DHSgov will have the resources they need to Keep America Safe and keep the risk to workers and families very low. This is great news for our Health, our Economy, and our Nation!
The DNC on Bernie Sanders, “Looks like they’re going to do it to him again, doesn’t it?” @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends
....beginning, was forced to apologize (Fake News!) after the seriously wrong call of the 2016 Election, and is now willing to write anything, even if not truthful. He laughs at his boss, Publisher A.G. Sulzberger, and I laugh at them all. The @nytimes is a total mess!
.@deanbaquet is to be seriously respected. He has long been considered one of the dumbest men in the world of journalism, and he became Executive Editor of the Failing New York Times. Not easy to do. He has given up on “figuring Trump out”. Called it all wrong from the....
Congress has agreed to provide $8 Billion to fight Coronavirus! This means @CDCgov, @HHSGov, and @DHSgov will have the resources they need to Keep America Safe and keep the risk to workers and families very low. This is great news for our Health, our Economy, and our Nation!
3 years ago, after Jeff Sessions recused himself, the Fraudulent Mueller Scam began. Alabama, do not trust Jeff Sessions. He let our Country down. That’s why I endorsed Coach Tommy Tuberville (@TTuberville), the true suppoSleepy Joe Biden just agreed with the Radical Left Democrats to raise Taxes by Three Trillion Dollars. Everyone will pay - Will kill your Stocks, 401k’s, and the ECONOMY. BIG CRASH! #MAGA
George @GStephanopoulos, ask Crazy Nancy why she allowed Adam “Shifty” Schiff to totally make up my conversation with the Ukrainian President & read his false words to Congress and the world, as though I said it? He got caught! Ask why hearing was most unfair & biased in history?
Major News Conference in Ten Minutes!
John Kerry got caught essentially admitting that funds given ridiculously to Iran were used to fund attacks on the USA. Only a complete fool would have given that 150 Billion Dollars Plus to Iran. They then went on a Middle East Rampage! @foxandfriends @PeteHegseth
....Hahn, Richard Goodstein, Donna Brazile, Niel Cavuto, and many others. They repeat the worst of the Democrat speaking points, and lies. All of the good is totally nullified, and more. Net Result = BAD! CNN & MSDNC are all in for the Do Nothing Democrats! Fox WAS Great!
Many will disagree, but @FoxNews is doing nothing to help Republicans, and me, get re-elected on November 3rd. Sure, there are some truly GREAT people on Fox, but you also have some real “garbage” littered all over the network, people like Dummy Juan Williams, Schumerite Chris...
Lisa Scheller (@SchellerforPA) will fight for the incredible people of Pennsylvania in Congress! She strongly suppoIf you like automobils, how can you vote for a Democrat who all want to get rid of cars, as quickly as possible, especially if they are powered by gasoline. Remember also, no more than one car per family. I, on the other hand, have new plants being built all over Michigan, Plus!
“The only thing we got wrong is that it was even worse (the corruption) than we thought.” @Jim_Jordan DI....and then helped to fund them...And zero progress was made on curbing those activities, until Trump droned Soleimani...Plainly, Trump is not a warmonger. He’s a deal maker & his record is that of someone who uses our military might as a deterrent, unleashes it with....
If you like automobiles, how can you vote for a Democrat who all want to get rid of cars, as quickly as possible, especially if they are powered by gasoline. Remember also, no more than one car per family. I, on the other hand, have new plants being built all over Michigan, Plus!
....discretion, and only as a last resoI will NEVER allow our great Second Amendment to go unprotected, not even a little bit!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Republicans in Iowa, go out and Caucus today. Your great Trade Deals with China, Mexico, Canada, Japan, South Korea and more, are DONE. Great times are coming, after waiting for decades, for our Farmers, Ranchers, Manufacturers and ALL. Nobody else could have pulled this off!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
....Iran will be held fully responsible for lives lost, or damage incurred, at any of our facilities. They will pay a very BIG PRICE! This is not a Warning, it is a Threat. Happy New Year!
The U.S. Embassy in Iraq is, &amp, has been for hours, SAFE! Many of our great Warfighters, together with the most lethal military equipment in the world, was immediately rushed to the site. Thank you to the President &amp, Prime Minister of Iraq for their rapid response upon request....
All is well! Missiles launched from Iran at two military bases located in Iraq. Assessment of casualties &amp, damages taking place now. So far, so good! We have the most powerful and well equipped military anywhere in the world, by far! I will be making a statement tomorrow morning.
This is a direct & dangerous threat to the U.S. Supreme Cou“This guy (Peter Strzok) was organizing a coup to undo the 2016 election.” Rachel Campos-Duffy @FoxNews And he wasn’t the only one in that Administration. The greatest Witch Hunt in American history!
...on 51 votes, which is procedural. You don’t need two thirds.” Brad Blakeman @FoxNews A great lawyer &amp, person. Thank you Brad!
“It’s my opinion as a lawyer that the ABest unemployment numbers in the history of our Country. Best employment number EVER, almost 160 million people working right now. Vote Republican, unless you want to see these numbers obliterated!
Congressman Dan Meuser (@Meuser4Congress) is a tremendous advocate for Pennsylvania! Dan loves our Military, Vets and the Second Amendment – a real suppoWhere’s the Whistleblower? Where’s the second Whistleblower? Where’s the Informer? Why did Corrupt politician Schiff MAKE UP my conversation with the Ukrainian President??? Why didn’t the House do its job? And sooo much more!
Exciting to see our Country staThe Republican Pa“Pelosi has made a mockery of Impeachment. Her ARetired Four Star General Jack Keane will recieve the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM next week!
Oil prices moving up nicely as demand begins again!
OIL (ENERGY) IS BACK!!!!
“Do you think Suburban Women want to Defund the Police? I don’t think so.” @marcthiessen
Great idea. This phony Impeachment Hoax should not even be allowed to proceed. Did NOTHING wrong. Just a paGreat news! American families will now be able to buy safer, more affordable, and environmentally friendly cars with our new SAFE VEHICLES RULE. Get rid of those old, unsafe clunkers. Build better and safer American cars and create American jobs. Buy American!
....(which is under siege), is strong on Crime and the Border, and truly LOVES our Military and our Vets. He will be a great Senator for the people of Alabama. Coach Tommy Tuberville, a winner, has my Complete and Total Endorsement. I love Alabama!
Tommy Tuberville (@TTuberville) is running for the U.S. Senate from the Great State of Alabama. Tommy was a terrific head football coach at Auburn University. He is a REAL LEADER who will never let MAGA/KAG, or our Country, down! Tommy will protect your Second Amendment....
Interview with @HARRISFAULKNER at 1:00 P.M. on @FoxNews, Outnumbered OveGovernors should let roads and highway construction begin before heavy traffic staHappy 245th BiWhy did Nervous Nancy allow corrupt politician Shifty Schiff to lie before Congress? He must be a Witness, and so should she!
Heading to Davos, Switzerland, to meet with World and Business Leaders and bring Good Policy and additional Hundreds of Billions of Dollars back to the United States of America! We are now NUMBER ONE in the Universe, by FAR!!
My Administration is helping U.S. auto workers by replacing the failed Obama Emissions Rule. Impossible to satisfy its Green New Deal Standard; Lots of unnecessary and expensive penalties to car buyers!
Retired Four Star General Jack Keane will receive the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM next week!
DeFace the Nation will tell @LindseyGrahamSC that he must sta....On Monday, the flags will be at half-staff in honor of the men and women in our Military who have made the Ultimate Sacrifice for our Nation.
I will be lowering the flags on all Federal Buildings and National Monuments to half-staff over the next three days in memory of the Americans we have lost to the CoronaVirus....
Seattle Mayor says, about the anarchists takeover of her city, “it is a Summer of Love”. These Liberal Dems don’t have a clue. The terrorists burn and pillage our cities, and they think it is just wonderful, even the death. Must end this Seattle takeover now!
THANK YOU NOWhy should I have the stigma of Impeachment attached to my name when I did nothing wrong. Read the Transcripts! Hose Republicans voted 195-0, plus we got three Dems. Very unfair to tens of millions of voters!
Texas Rep Roger Williams (@RepRWilliams) has done an incredible job representing the Great State of Texas. Roger is tough on Crime, Strong on the Border & Illegal Immigration. He loves our Military & our Vets and protects our #2A. Roger has my Total & Complete Endorsement!
My proposal to the politically correct Automobile Companies would lower the average price of a car to consumers by more than $3500, while at the same time making the cars substantially safer. Engines would run smoother. Positive impact on the environment! Foolish executives!
Corky Messner (@CorkyForSenate) will be a fantastic Senator for New Hampshire! A West Point graduate, he served our Country in the Army with distinction. Strong on Jobs, Crime, Vets, Military and the Second Amendment...
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @FoxNews at 9:10 P.M.
How dare failed Presidential Candidate (1% and falling!) @CoryBooker make false charges and statements about me in addressing Judge Barrett. Illegally, never even lived in Newark when he was Mayor. Guy is a total loser! I want better Healthcare for far less money, always.....
...rebuilding America’s infrastructure with projects like the PoWill be staJust finished dinner in Bedminster, New Jersey, with Governor Phil Murphy (@GovMurphy) and his wonderful wife, Tammy. Talked about many things, including the opening of the beautiful Garden State, getting people back to work, and...
“Joe Biden represents the past. President Trump represents the future.” @LisaMarieBoothe @edhenry @FoxNews
...We have already had ticket requests in excess of 200,000 people. I look forward to seeing everyone in Oklahoma!
Everyone said it couldn’t be done. But for the first time in a generation, there will be direct flights between Serbia and Kosovo. Another win. Thanks to @WHNSC Ambassador Robe....the Ukraine Hoax that became the Impeachment Scam. Must get the ICIG answers by Friday because this is the guy who lit the fuse. So if he wants to clear his name, prove that his office is indeed incompetent.” @DevinNunes @MariaBaHouse Republicans investigating origins of the Ukraine Whistleblower complaint. ICIG Michael Atkinson facing serious questions. “The Democrats know the ICIG is a major problem-didn’t release his testimony. Looks so much like everything else we’ve seen, from the Russia Hoax, to...
Getting ready to land in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. Big crowd. See you soon!!!
For the constant criticism from the Do Nothing Democrats and their Fake News paCryin’ Chuck Schumer was on a late night show using a false talking point over & over again. “We don’t have enough testing ,” he would repeat, when he knows we have done a great job on Testing, just like we have on Ventilators and everything else. He lied, gave NY SALT. Run AOC!
“It’s about the Economy, stupid”, except when it comes to Trump. The fact is, the Fake News Media hates talking about the Economy, and how incredible it is!
Watch @OANN, @newsmax, @cspan. Just arrived in Pennsylvania. Enjoy!
Cryin Chuck Schumer, compared to what other Senators have brought home to their states, has brought very little back to N.Y. A totally overrated loser, the one thing he has given them is SALT. He never even called me to stop it. No wonder Cuomo & most others can’t stand him. AOC!
I NEVER said people that are feeling sick should go to work. This is just more Fake News and disinformation put out by the Democrats, in paThe Governor of Michigan should give a little, and put out the fire. These are very good people, but they are angry. They want their lives back again, safely! See them, talk to them, make a deal.
So now Schumer and Pelosi want to meet to make a deal. Amazing how it all works, isn’t it. Where have they been for the last 4 weeks when they were “hardliners”, and only wanted BAILOUT MONEY for Democrat run states and cities that are failing badly? They know my phone number!
“I want to commend the President for how he has handled the CoronaVirus situation, especially his early decision to shut down access into our Country from China, despite strong opposition to that decision.” @SenTomCotton Thank you Tom!
Most of the money raised by the RINO losers of the so-called “Lincoln Project”, goes into their own pockets. With what I’ve done on Judges, Taxes, Regulations, Healthcare, the Military, Vets (Choice!) & protecting our great 2A, they should love Trump. Problem is, I BEAT THEM ALL!
RINO Ben Sasse, who needed my suppo96% Approval Rating in the Republican PaUpon information and belief, Iran or its proxies are planning a sneak attack on U.S. troops and/or assets in Iraq. If this happens, Iran will pay a very heavy price, indeed!
Concast (@NBCNews) and Fake News @CNN are going out of their way to say GREAT things about China. They are Chinese puppets who want to do business there. They use USA airwaves to help China. The Enemy of the People!
Well run States should not be bailing out poorly run States, using CoronaVirus as the excuse! The elimination of Sanctuary Cities, Payroll Taxes, and perhaps Capital Gains Taxes, must be put on the table. Also lawsuit indemnification & business deductions for restaurants & ent.
Someone needs to tell the Democrats in Congress that CoronaVirus doesn’t care what pa...It wouldn’t matter if you got ten times what was needed, it would never be good enough. Unlike other states, New York unfoREAD THE TRANSCRIPTS!
Somebody please explain to Cryin’ Chuck Schumer that we do have a military man in charge of distributing goods, a very talented Admiral, in fact. New York has gotten far more than any other State, including hospitals & a hospital ship, but no matter what, always complaining.....
Senator Shelley Moore Capito (@CapitoforWV) is doing a tremendous job for the great people of West Virginia! She strongly defends our Second Amendment, SuppoElizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren, who was going nowhere except into Mini Mike’s head, just dropped out of the Democrat Primary...THREE DAYS TOO LATE. She cost Crazy Bernie, at least, Massachusetts, Minnesota and Texas. Probably cost him the nomination! Came in third in Mass.
Thank you to Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana for his very smaNational Security Adviser suggested today that sanctions & protests have Iran “choked off”, will force them to negotiate. Actually, I couldn’t care less if they negotiate. Will be totally up to them but, no nuclear weapons and “don’t kill your protesters.”
....Together we are putting into policy a plan to prevent, detect, treat and create a vaccine against CoronaVirus to save lives in America and the world. America will get it done!
....have been stocked up and ready long before this crisis hit. Other states are thrilled with the job we have done. Sending many Ventilators today, with thousands being built. 51 large cargo planes coming in with medical supplies. Prefer sending directly to hospitals.
Massive amounts of medical supplies, even hospitals and medical centers, are being delivered directly to states and hospitals by the Federal Government. Some have insatiable appetites & are never satisfied (politics?). Remember, we are a backup for them. The complainers should...
Getting ready to land in the Great State of Arizona!
We have narrowed the Presidential Nomination Acceptance Speech, to be delivered on the final night of the Convention (Thursday), to two locations - The Great Battlefield of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, and the White House, Washington, D.C. We will announce the decision soon!
Soon heading to West Point Graduation to give the Commencement Address. Will be shown live on @FoxNews plus. Enjoy!
NASDAQ UP 27% THIS YEAR ALONE!
Nancy Pelosi just stated that “it is dangerous to let the voters decide Trump’s fate.” @FoxNews In other words, she thinks I’m going to win and doesn’t want to take a chance on letting the voters decide. Like Al Green, she wants to change our voting system. Wow, she’s CRAZY!
“Congressman Van Drew (D-NJ) SLAMS Democrats for ‘fracturing the Nation’ with Impeachment probe. ‘We already know how it’s going to end.” @FoxNews
Just finished a very good &amp, cordial meeting at the White House with Jay Powell of the Federal Reserve. Everything was discussed including interest rates, negative interest, low inflation, easing, Dollar strength &amp, its effect on manufacturing, trade with China, E.U. &amp, others, etc.
....that I testify about the phony Impeachment Witch Hunt. She also said I could do it in writing. Even though I did nothing wrong, and don’t like giving credibility to this No Due Process Hoax, I like the idea &amp, will, in order to get Congress focused again, strongly consider it!
Our Crazy, Do Nothing (where’s USMCA, infrastructure, lower drug pricing &amp, much more?) Speaker of the House, Nervous Nancy Pelosi, who is petrified by her Radical Left knowing she will soon be gone (they &amp, Fake News Media are her BOSS), suggested on Sunday’s DEFACE THE NATION....
“All they do is bring up witnesses who didn’t witness anything.” @KatrinaPierson @SteveHiltonx Nothing matters except the two transcripts of the presidential calls, and the statement of no pressure put out by Ukraine!
Where is the Fake Whistleblower?
Republicans &amp, others must remember, the Ukrainian President and Foreign Minister both said that there was no pressure placed on them whatsoever. Also, they didn’t even know the money wasn’t paid, and got the money with no conditions. But why isn’t Germany, France (Europe) paying?
The Crazed, Do Nothing Democrats are turning Impeachment into a routine paTell Jennifer Williams, whoever that is, to read BOTH transcripts of the presidential calls, &amp, see the just released ststement from Ukraine. Then she should meet with the other Never Trumpers, who I don’t know &amp, mostly never even heard of, &amp, work out a better presidential attack!
.@SteveScalise blew the nasty &amp, obnoxious Chris Wallace (will never be his father, Mike!) away on Chris’s lowest rated (unless I’m on) morning show. This kind of dumb and unfair interview would never have happened in the @FoxNews past. Great job Steve!
The Do Nothing Dems are now doing even less - and soooo much work to be done!
Joe Ricketts, one of our Country’s most successful businessmen, including being the owner of the Chicago Cubs, has just written a great new book, THE HARDER YOU WORK, THE LUCKIER YOU GET. So true! Much can be learned from Joe. Go get the book!
Visited a great family of a young man under major surgery at the amazing Walter Reed Medical Center. Those are truly some of the best doctors anywhere in the world. Also began phase one of my yearly physical. Everything very good (great!). Will complete next year.
“I mean, come on. The Democrats are doing focus groups to try and figure out what words to use to move the needle. The Democrats know this is political and they’re just trying to drag Trump’s name into the mud!” Lisa Booth @foxandfriends Thank you Lisa!
“Triggered,” a great book by my son, Don. Now number one on @NYTIMES LIST. Keep it there for a while!
....and Taylor, dismissing everybody involved from the Obama holdover days trying to undermine Trump, getting rid of those people, dismissing them, this is what it looks like. It was never going to be claen, they were never going to sit by idly and just let Trump do this!” Rush L
“My suppoDow hits 28,000 - FIRST TIME EVER, HIGHEST EVER! Gee, Pelosi &amp, Schitt have a good idea, “lets Impeach the President.” If something like that ever happened, it would lead to the biggest FALL in Market History. It’s called a Depression, not a Recession! So much for 401-K’s &amp, Jobs!
LOUISIANA, VOTE @EddieRispone TODAY! He will be a great governor!
Is this even possible to believe? Can this be for real? Where is this nursing home, how is the victim doing?
With approximately 100,000 CoronaVirus cases worldwide, and 3,280 deaths, the United States, because of quick action on closing our borders, has, as of now, only 129 cases (40 Americans brought in) and 11 deaths. We are working very hard to keep these numbers as low as possible!
Big WIN for us in Iowa tonight. Thank you!
America is the Greatest Country in the world. We have the best scientists, doctors, nurses and health care professionals. They are amazing people who do phenomenal things every day....
Will be doing a major interview tonight at 6:30 P.M. Eastern with @DavidMuir on @ABCWorldNews Tonight.
The Democrat Caucus is an unmitigated disaster. Nothing works, just like they ran the Country. Remember the 5 Billion Dollar Obamacare Website, that should have cost 2% of that. The only person that can claim a very big victory in Iowa last night is “Trump”.
I am fully prepared to use the full power of the Federal Government to deal with our current challenge of the CoronaVirus!
They are really mad at Senator Joe Munchkin in West Virginia. He couldn’t understand the Transcripts. Romney could, but didn’t want to!
Gallup just gave us the highest rating ever for the way we are handling the CoronaVirus situation. The April 2009-10 Swine Flu, where nearly 13,000 people died in the U.S., was poorly handled. Ask MSDNC & lightweight Washington failure @RonaldKlain, who the President was then?
I will be addressing the Nation this evening at 9:00 P.M. (Eastern) from the Oval Office.
The Wacky Do Nothing Attorney General of Michigan, Dana Nessel, is viciously threatening Ford Motor Company for the fact that I inspected a Ventilator plant without a mask. Not their fault, & I did put on a mask. No wonder many auto companies left Michigan, until I came along!
I got Impeached last night without one Republican vote being cast with the Do Nothing Dems on their continuation of the greatest Witch Hunt in American history. Now the Do Nothing PaPRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
Just spoke to my friend MBS (Crown Prince) of Saudi Arabia, who spoke with President Putin of Russia, & I expect & hope that they will be cutting back approximately 10 Million Barrels, and maybe substantially more which, if it happens, will be GREAT for the oil & gas industry!
Do nothing A.G. of the Great State of Michigan, Dana Nessel, should not be taking her anger and stupidity out on Ford Motor - they might get upset with you and leave the state, like so many other companies have - until I came along and brought business back to Michigan. JOBS!
.....Could be as high as 15 Million Barrels. Good (GREAT) news for everyone!
I want to thank Rush Limbaugh for the tremendous suppoCalifornia and New York must do something about their TREMENDOUS Homeless problems. They are setting records! If their Governors can’t handle the situation, which they should be able to do very easily, they must call and “politely” ask for help. Would be so easy with competence!
“Dow closes at another All-Time High!” @cvpayne @FoxBusiness
So interesting to see Nancy Pelosi demanding fairness from @senatemajldr McConnell when she presided over the most unfair hearing in the history of the United States Congress!
....and native culture – S.216/Spokane Tribe, S.256/Native Languages and NDAA Sec. 2870 officially recognizing Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians. My great honor to do so!
Thank YOU Indian Country for being such an IMPO“Trump Stock Market rally is far outpacing past U.S. presidents” @CNBC With new trade deals, and more, THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
“Nancy Pelosi all of a sudden doesn’t like the payroll tax cut, but when Obama proposed it she thought it was a brilliant thing that all of the working families would benefit from because if you get a paycheck, you’re going to take home more money.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
....price. You should drop out of the race & pray that super liberal @DougJones, a weak & pathetic puppet for Crazy Nancy Pelosi & Cryin’ Chuck Schumer, gets beaten badly. He voted for impeachment based on “ZERO”. Disgraced Alabama. Coach @TTuberville will be a GREAT Senator!
Jeff, you had your chance & you blew it. Recused yourself ON DAY ONE (you never told me of a problem), and ran for the hills. You had no courage, & ruined many lives. The diMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great night in Pennsylvania. Big and Enthusiastic Crowd. Will be back soon. VOTE!!!
There is tremendous CoronaVirus testing capacity in Washington for the Senators returning to Capital Hill on Monday. Likewise the House, which should return but isn’t because of Crazy Nancy P. The 5 minute Abbott Test will be used. Please inform Dr. Brian P. Monahan. @MarkMeadows
White House News Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!
The Democrat PaSo good to see that Republicans will be winning the Great State of Alabama Senate Seat back, now that lightweight Senator @DougJones cast a paThe Fake News has reached an all time high!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Bernie Sander’s volunteers are trashing Elizabeth “Pocahontus” Warren. Everybody knows her campaign is dead and want her potential voters. Mini Mike B is also trying, but getting tiny crowds which are all leaving fast. Elizabeth is very angry at Bernie. Do I see a feud brewing?
We hit 3M hard today after seeing what they were doing with their Masks. “P Act” all the way. Big surprise to many in government as to what they were doing - will have a big price to pay!
TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!
Great interview this morning by @foxandfriends with some of the fantastic people who attended the big Rally last night in Toledo, Ohio. Thank you. Such amazing energy!
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
The Fake News Media and their Democrat PaMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Great, Just Out! 51% Approval Rating in Rasmussen Poll. 95% in Republican PaGREAT news this week regarding the Keystone XL Pipeline – moving forward with fantastic paying CONSTRUCTION jobs for hardworking Americans. Promises Made, Promises Kept! #MAGA
The Democrats and the Fake News are trying to make terrorist Soleimani into a wonderful guy, only because I did what should have been done for 20 years. Anything I do, whether it’s the economy, military, or anything else, will be scorned by the Rafical Left, Do Nothing Democrats!
..so called American Intelligence were DiOur people have all left Drudge. He is a confused MESS, has no clue what happened. Down 51%. @DRUDGE They like REVOLVER and others!
Will be in Manchester, New Hampshire, tonight for a big Rally. Want to shake up the Dems a little bit - they have a really boring deal going on. Still waiting for the Iowa results, votes were fried. Big crowds in Manchester!
One of the most impoWow! The wonderful Iranian protesters refused to step on, or in any way denigrate, our Great American Flag. It was put on the street in order for them to trample it, and they walked around it instead. Big progress!
John Bolton, one of the dumbest people I’ve met in government and sadly, I’ve met plenty, states often that I respected, and even trusted, Vladimir Putin of Russia more than those in our Intelligence Agencies. While of course that is not true, if the first people you met from....
95% Approval Rating in the Republican PaBig Stock Market Numbers!
More Testing, which is a good thing (we have the most in the world), equals more Cases, which is Fake News Gold. They use Cases to demean the incredible job being done by the great men & women of the U.S. fighting the China Plague!
Because of how badly they did with the Impeachment Hoax, AOC will primary Cryin’ Chuck Schumer, and win, and Jerry Nadler has a good chance of losing to his far left primary opponent! It is all getting quite interesting. Pelosi will lose the House, AGAIN! My poll numbers great.
Market up big today on very good economic news. JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Hope the Fake News, which never discusses it, is talking about the big crowds forming for my New Hampshire Rally tonight. They won’t!
The Fake News Media and their Democrat PaGreat job being done by @BankofAmerica and many community banks throughout the country. Small businesses appreciate your work!
Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews
Georgia, this is your chance to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. We have been strong for our Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment, and ALL. VOTE NOW!
Meeting with U.S. Governors in a shoIt was a great and triumphant evening for our Country. Thank you for all of the nice remarks and wonderful reviews of my State of the Union Speech. It was my great honor to have done it!
Sad to see the damage from the derecho in Midwest. 112 mile per hour winds in Midway, Iowa! The Federal government is in close coordination with State officials. We are with you all the way - Stay safe and strong!
2019 HOLIDAY RETAIL SALES WERE UP 3.4% FROM LAST YEAR, THE BIGGEST NUMBER IN U.S. HISTORY. CONGRATULATIONS AMERICA!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
The ONLY reason we were able to get our great USMCA Trade Deal approved was because the Do Nothing Democrats wanted to show that they could approve something productive in light of the fact that all they even think about is impeachment. She knows nothing about the USMCA Deal!
....the American public’s tone deafness - &amp, it should be intolerable, because the American people have had it with this.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats have gone CRAZY. They want to make it as hard as possible for me to properly run our Country!
“The Trump Administration, Trump policies, have put our economy on a trajectory it has never been on before.” Griff Jenkins, @foxandfriends
“Stocks kick off Christmas week at All-Time Record Highs.” @foxandfriends
....mount some kind of public pressure to demand witnesses, but McConnell has the votes and he can run this trial anyway he wants to. @brithume @foxandfriends
Everything we’re seeing from Speaker Pelosi and Senator Schumer suggests that they’re in real doubt about the evidence they’ve brought foThe Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats said they wanted to RUSH everything through to the Senate because “President Trump is a threat to National Security” (they are vicious, will say anything!), but now they don’t want to go fast anymore, they want to go very slowly. Liars!
Nancy Pelosi is looking for a Quid Pro Quo with the Senate. Why aren’t we Impeaching her?
Just had a great call with the President of Brazil, @JairBolsonaro. We discussed many subjects including Trade. The relationship between the United States and Brazil has never been Stronger!
....Kevin is strong on Securing the Border, #USMCA, protecting our #2A, and Loves our Vets and Military. Kevin is a true friend, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
I guess the magazine, “Christianity Today,” is looking for Elizabeth Warren, Bernie Sanders, or those of the socialist/communist bent, to guard their religion. How about Sleepy Joe? The fact is, no President has ever done what I have done for Evangelicals, or religion itself!
Had a very good talk with President Xi of China concerning our giant Trade Deal. China has already staI will be signing our 738 Billion Dollar Defense Spending Bill today. It will include 12 weeks Paid Parental Leave, gives our troops a raise, impo....have a Radical Left nonbeliever, who wants to take your religion &amp, your guns, than Donald Trump as your President. No President has done more for the Evangelical community, and it’s not even close. You’ll not get anything from those Dems on stage. I won’t be reading ET again!
A far left magazine, or very “progressive,” as some would call it, which has been doing poorly and hasn’t been involved with the Billy Graham family for many years, Christianity Today, knows nothing about reading a perfect transcript of a routine phone call and would rather.....
"The reason the Democrats don’t want to submit the AThe House Democrats were unable to get even a single vote from the Republicans on their Impeachment Hoax. The Republicans have never been so united! The Dem’s case is so bad that they don’t even want to go to trial!
So after the Democrats gave me no Due Process in the House, no lawyers, no witnesses, no nothing, they now want to tell the Senate how to run their trial. Actually, they have zero proof of anything, they will never even show up. They want out. I want an immediate trial!
The great USMCA Trade Deal (Mexico &amp, Canada) has been sitting on Nancy Pelosi’s desk for 8 months, she doesn’t even know what it says, &amp, today, after passing by a wide margin in the House, Pelosi tried to take credit for it. Labor will vote for Trump. Trade deal is great for USA!
“Jesse (Watters), this is the best year any President has ever had, plus we get an impeachment.” @greggutfeld The Five @FoxNews
Pelosi feels her phony impeachment HOAX is so pathetic she is afraid to present it to the Senate, which can set a date and put this whole SCAM into default if they refuse to show up! The Do Nothings are so bad for our Country!
Our great Congressman GohmeWall Street Journal Editorial: “She (Crazy Nancy) aimed at Trump and hit Uncle Joe.”
“A lot of people feel defeated...Trump always wins. It seems like nothing can stop him.” Danny Villazon @nytimes @DanaPerino @FoxNews But isn’t that what you want from your President?
I stand stronger than anyone in protecting your Healthcare with Pre-Existing Conditions. I am honored to have terminated the very unfair, costly and unpopular individual mandate for you!
Rasmussen was one of the most accurate polls in 2016. Actually, I think, based on Crowds and Enthusiasm (of which Sleepy Joe has none!), that we are MUCH higher than 51%. The only thing Joe can count on is that a Federal Judge doesn’t eviscerate the Fake Ballot Rigging Scam!
"“The Senate shall set the time and place of the trial.” If the Do Nothing Democrats decide, in their great wisdom, not to show up, they would lose by Default!
100% Republican Vote. That’s what people are talking about. The Republicans are united like never before!
Making great progress in @Davos. Tremendous numbers of companies will be coming, or returning, to the USA. Hottest Economy! JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Michael Moore: I‘m ‘Begging‘ Dems -- Don‘t Underestimate White Male Trump SuppoPoll numbers have gone through the roof in favor of No Impeachment, especially with Swing States and Independents in Swing States. People have figured out that the Democrats have no case, it is a total Hoax. Even Pelosi admitted yesterday that she began this scam 2 1/2 years ago!
My Approval Rating in the Republican PaThe Republicans House members were fantastic yesterday. It always helps to have a much better case, in fact the Dems have no case at all, but the unity &amp, sheer brilliance of these Republican warriors, all of them, was a beautiful sight to see. Dems had no answers and wanted out!
Congratulations to Boris Johnson on his great WIN! Britain and the United States will now be free to strike a massive new Trade Deal after BREXIT. This deal has the potential to be far bigger and more lucrative than any deal that could be made with the E.U. Celebrate Boris!
“Last night House Judiciary Chairman Jerry Nadler admitted that Democrats are pursuing Impeachment because it’s too dangerous to simply let the American people pick the next president in 2020.” @kilmeade @FoxNews
"Looking like a big win for Boris in the U.K.!
Nancy Pelosi just got duped in an interview to admitting that she has been working on impeaching me for “two and a half years.” In other words, she lied. This was the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats plan all along, long before the Ukraine phone call. Impeachment Hoax!
.....What’s gone on the last three years is not reasonable. The majority has been so abusive.”
"I also have constantly asked, “Why aren’t Germany, France and other European countries helping Ukraine more? They are the biggest beneficiaries. Why is it always the good ol’ United States?” The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, never mention this at their phony hearing!
Dems Veronica Escobar and Jackson Lee purposely misquoted my call. I said I want you to do us (our Country!) a favor, not me a favor. They know that but decided to LIE in order to make a fraudulent point! Very sad.
Getting VERY close to a BIG DEAL with China. They want it, and so do we!
Many Republican Senators want me to Veto the FISA Bill until we find out what led to, and happened with, the illegal attempted “coup” of the duly elected President of the United States, and others!
Will be interviewed at 5:00 A.M. Eastern by @JoeSquawk on @CNBC at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Enjoy!
Now the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, are asking @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell to do the job that they were unable to do. They proved NOTHING but my total innocence in the House, despite the most unfair & biased hearings in the history of Congress. Now they demand fairness!
Watched @billmaher last week for the first time in a long time. He’s totally SHOT, looks terrible, exhausted, gaunt, and weak. If there was ever a good reason for no shutdown, check out this jerk. He never had much going for him, but whatever he did have is missing in action!
108 countries are dealing with the CoronaVirus problem, some of which we are helping!
....Fake News got it wrong again, as always, and tens of thousands of lives were saved by my EARLY BAN of China into our Country. The people that we’re allowed were heavily scrutinized and tested U.S. citizens, and as such, I welcome them with open arms!
It is FAKE NEWS that @HHSGov @SecAzar is “sidelined” from the great job he is doing on the CoronaVirus Task Force. He has the total confidence of the @VP and myself, and is doing a fantastic job, as the numbers would indicate!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Congratulations to Andrew Clyde on a big win last night against a strong opponent in #GA09! An early suppoCongratulations to former Governor of New Jersey, Chris Christie, and all others involved, on a complete and total exoneration (with a 9-0 vote by the U.S. Supreme Cou....to it, as appropriate. The Task Force will also be very focused on Vaccines & Therapeutics. Thank you!
....gloves, gowns etc. are now plentiful. The last four Governors teleconference calls have been conclusively strong. Because of this success, the Task Force will continue on indefinitely with its focus on SAFETY & OPENING UP OUR COUNTRY AGAIN. We may add or subtract people ....
....produced in the thousands, and we have many to spare. We are helping other countries which are desperate for them. Likewise, after having been left little, we are now doing more testing than all other countries combined, and with superior tests. Face masks & shields,....
Big news, Oklahoma! I’m proud to suppoCongratulations to the @nypost for having exposed the massive corruption surrounding Sleepy Joe Biden and our Country. He’s always been a corrupt politician. Disgraceful!
The White House CoronaVirus Task Force, headed by Vice President Mike Pence, has done a fantastic job of bringing together vast highly complex resources that have set a high standard for others to follow in the future. Ventilators, which were few & in bad shape, are now being....
....lost for Evan “McMuffin” McMullin (to me). Steve Schmidt & Reed Galvin lost for John McCain, Romney’s campaign manager (?) lost big to “O”, & Jennifer Horn got thrown out of the New Hampshire Republican Pa....because they don’t know how to win, and their so-called Lincoln Project is a disgrace to Honest Abe. I don’t know what Kellyanne did to her deranged loser of a husband, Moonface, but it must have been really bad. John Weaver lost big for Kasich (to me). Crazed Rick Wilson....
Does anyone notice how little the Radical Left takeover of Seattle is being discussed in the Fake News Media. That is very much on purpose because they know how badly this weakness & ineptitude play politically. The Mayor & Governor should be ashamed of themselves. Easily fixed!
A group of RINO Republicans who failed badly 12 years ago, then again 8 years ago, and then got BADLY beaten by me, a political first timer, 4 years ago, have copied (no imagination) the concept of an ad from Ronald Reagan, “Morning in America”, doing everything possible to....
A great new book, “FoGeorgia will be receiving $13M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. BIG investment in bus facilities for people in metro Atlanta – must keep people moving safely! @MAI’ve gone through years of a Fake, Illegal, and Totally Discredited Witch-Hunt, and now it’s revealed that it was a Hoax by the “other side”, which must pay a price for what they did. Think of where we’d be now without Fake & Fraudulent stories every night, for years!!!
Interesting how ANTIFA and other Far Left militant groups can take over a city without barely a wimpier from soft Do Nothing Democrat leadership, yet these same weak leaders become RADICAL when it comes to shutting down a state or city and its hard working, tax paying citizens!
....I want to thank Acting Chief Mick Mulvaney for having served the Administration so well. He will become the United States Special Envoy for NoI am pleased to announce that Congressman Mark Meadows will become White House Chief of Staff. I have long known and worked with Mark, and the relationship is a very good one....
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!
THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER!!!
Just had a great conversation with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. I told him that the just completed Olympic venue is magnificent. He has done an incredible job, one that will make him very proud. Good things will happen for Japan and their great Prime Minister. Lots of options!
Yesterday was a BIG day for Justice in the USA. Congratulations to General Flynn, and many others. I do believe there is MUCH more to come! DiSleepy Joe Biden was in charge of the H1N1 Swine Flu epidemic which killed thousands of people. The response was one of the worst on record. Our response is one of the best, with fast action of border closings & a 78% Approval Rating, the highest on record. His was lowest!
Read the Transcripts!
Very good meeting on the Middle East, the Military, and Trade. Heading back to The Southern White House (Mar-a-Lago!). Updates throughout the day.
To those many millions of people in Iraq who want freedom and who don’t want to be dominated and controlled by Iran, this is your time!
I will be signing our very large and comprehensive Phase One Trade Deal with China on January 15. The ceremony will take place at the White House. High level representatives of China will be present. At a later date I will be going to Beijing where talks will begin on Phase Two!
President Putin of Russia called to thank me and the U.S. for informing them of a planned terrorist attack in the very beautiful city of Saint Petersburg. They were able to quickly apprehend the suspects, with many lives being saved. Great &amp, impoArmed congregants quickly stopped a crazed church shooter in Texas. If it were not for the fact that there were people inside of the church that were both armed, and highly proficient in using their weapon, the end result would have been catastrophic. A big THANK YOU to them!
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
“The Obama White House had to immediately issue an apology for Joe Biden’s remarks, and any alarm that he might have caused, an alarm about a Swine Flu outbreak that took 6 months for President Obama to declare a National Emergency, and that killed 12,000 Americans.” @LouDobbs
I will immediately ask Congress for more money to suppoJorge, you’re really tough and really sma“Full Measure with Sheryl Attkisson” interview on @ABC at 10:00 A.M. Sunday. Enjoy!
....must read for anybody looking for U.S. Security and Protection. Go get it now and make Tom a Top Best Seller — he deserves it!
The United States cannot have all Mail In Ballots. It will be the greatest Rigged Election in history. People grab them from mailboxes, print thousands of forgeries and “force” people to sign. Also, forge names. Some absentee OK, when necessary. Trying to use Covid for this Scam!
Mini Mike Bloomberg has instructed his third rate news organization not to investigate him or any Democrat, but to go after President Trump, only. The Failing New York Times thinks that is O.K., because their hatred &amp, bias is so great they can’t even see straight. It’s not O.K.!
Just landed in the United Kingdom, heading to London for NATO meetings tomorrow. Prior to landing I read the Republicans RepoThe Fed should lower rates (there is almost no inflation) and loosen, making us competitive with other nations, and manufacturing will SOAR! Dollar is very strong relative to others.
.... Their response to H1N1 Swine Flu was a full scale disaster, with thousands dying, and nothing meaningful done to fix the testing problem, until now. The changes have been made and testing will soon happen on a very large scale basis. All Red Tape has been cut, ready to go!
People are fleeing California. Taxes too high, Crime too high, Brownouts too many, Lockdowns too severe. VOTE FOR TRUMP, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE!!!
Manufacturers are being held back by the strong Dollar, which is being propped up by the ridiculous policies of the Federal Reserve - Which has called interest rates and quantitative tightening wrong from the first days of Jay Powell!
"I will be making a public statement tomorrow at 12:00pm from the @WhiteHouse to discuss our Country’s VICTORY on the Impeachment Hoax!
Almost One Million people request tickets for the Saturday Night Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma!
In the 3 decades before my election, NATO spending declined by two-thirds, and only 3 other NATO members were meeting their financial obligations. Since I took office, the number of NATO allies fulfilling their obligations more than DOUBLED, and NATO spending increased by $130B!
Great job by @RepDougCollins of Georgia over the weekend in representing the Republican PaWhen Lisa Page, the lover of Peter Strzok, talks about being “crushed”, and how innocent she is, ask her to read Peter’s “Insurance Policy” text, to her, just in case Hillary loses. Also, why were the lovers text messages scrubbed after he left Mueller. Where are they Lisa?
The Republican PaNot only did I see it @Doks_AThank you to Great Republican @SenJohnKennedy for the job he did in representing both the Republican PaNancy Pelosi couldn’t care less about the American People or the great American Worker. She should approve needed STIMULUS now. Most other Dems agree. Republicans are ready to go, I am ready to sign!!!
If you want to get money into the hands of people quickly & efficiently, let them have the full money that they earned, APPROVE A PAYROLL TAX CUT until the end of the year, December 31. Then you are doing something that is really meaningful. Only that will make a big difference!
The Far Left Fake News Media, which had no Covid problem with the Rioters & Looters destroying Democrat run cities, is trying to Covid Shame us on our big Rallies. Won’t work!
Thank you to Congressman Ben @Cline4Virginia for the Great remarks this morning on the illegitimate Impeachment Hoax. He understands the Do Nothing Democrats very well. Also, and as usual, @RepAndyBiggsAZ was fantastic!
The Do Nothing Democrats get 3 Constitutional lawyers for their Impeachment hoax (they will need them!), the Republicans get one. Oh, that sounds fair!
“When the law enforcers turn out to be the law breakers, then we have totally upended the rule of law. Nobody is safe and everybody is in trouble. Our system of government is under attack.” @GovMikeHuckabee
“The Democrats don’t have any evidence, but they are still going to do it anyway. That’s the sham that’s going on here.” @jasoninthehouse Chaffetz
Breaking News: The President of Ukraine has just again announced that President Trump has done nothing wrong with respect to Ukraine and our interactions or calls. If the Radical Left Democrats were sane, which they are not, it would be case over!
“The United States has outperformed the rest of the world in an eye popping fashion. I don’t think we’ve seen numbers like that.” Mohamed El-Erian, Allianz Chief Economic Adviser. But despite this there is tremendous potential for growth, far greater than most have understood!
“The American people are going to see this for what it is. It is a political effo“The process has been unfair. Republicans can’t even get their own witnesses. It gets me that Adam Schiff is not punishable for lying, in any way.” @MariaBaU.S. Markets are up as much as 21% since the announcement of Tariffs on 3/1/2018 - and the U.S. is taking in massive amounts of money (and giving some to our farmers, who have been targeted by China)!
.....Reserve should likewise act so that countries, of which there are many, no longer take advantage of our strong dollar by fuBrazil and Argentina have been presiding over a massive devaluation of their currencies. which is not good for our farmers. Therefore, effective immediately, I will restore the Tariffs on all Steel &amp, Aluminum that is shipped into the U.S. from those countries. The Federal....
“It is clear that there is none of the bipa“What Really Happened”
“Trump Economy Breaks Holiday Shopping Records.” @FoxNews
Great writer and historian, Doug Wead, has written a true (not Fake News) account of what is going on in Washington and the White House. His new book, INSIDE TRUMP’S WHITE HOUSE, is an incredible description of a very exciting and successful time in our Country’s history. Buy it!
The Federal Reserve must FINALLY lower the Fed Rate to something comparable to their competitor Central Banks. Jay Powell and group are putting us at a decided economic & physiological disadvantage. Should never have been this way. Also, STIMULATE!
I always stand with leaders who weren’t afraid to stand early with me. That’s why I am suppoOur testing is so much bigger and more advanced than any other country (we have done a great job on this!) that it shows more cases. Without testing, or weak testing, we would be showing almost no cases. Testing is a double edged sword - Makes us look bad, but good to have!!!
To this point, and because we have had a very strong border policy, we have had 40 deaths related to CoronaVirus. If we had weak or open borders, that number would be many times higher!
LAW & ORDER!
I will be having a news conference today at 3:00 P.M., The White House. Topic: CoronaVirus!
“We have greater confidence in our call for a V-shaped recovery, given recent upside surprises in growth data and policy action.” Chetan Ahya, Chief Economist at Morgan Stanley
THE LONE WARRIOR!
BEST USA ECONOMY IN HISTORY!
Join me on Thursday afternoon (1:00pmE) in Greenville, NoTo unleash the full power of the Federal Government in this effoHad failed presidential candidate @MittRomney devoted the same energy and anger to defeating a faltering Barack Obama as he sanctimoniously does to me, he could have won the election. Read the Transcripts!
Great being in New Hampshire last night. I would say that was the biggest political Rally in New Hampshire history. Incredible evening!
So in California, the Democrats, who fought like crazy to get all mail in only ballots, and succeeded, have just opened a voting booth in the most Democrat area in the State. They are trying to steal another election. It’s all rigged out there. These votes must not count. SCAM!
Wow! May retail sales show biggest one-month increase of ALL TIME, up 17.7%. Far bigger than projected. Looks like a BIG DAY FOR THE STOCK MARKET, AND JOBS!
My friend, Congressman @TomEmmer, is doing a tremendous job for the people of Minnesota! He strongly suppoCongressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of NoAt my request, effective midnight tonight, Carnival, Royal Caribbean, Norwegian, and MSC have all agreed to suspend outbound cruises for thi.@CNN is Fake News. They will take a good story and make it as bad as is humanly possible. They are a JOKE!
They are taking the nomination away from Bernie for a second time. Rigged!
....No matter where you may be, I encourage you to turn towards prayer in an act of faith. Together, we will easily PREVAIL!
It is my great honor to declare Sunday, March 15th as a National Day of Prayer. We are a Country that, throughout our history, has looked to God for protection and strength in times like these....
Nevada, I hear you on Yucca Mountain and my Administration will RESPECT you! Congress and previous Administrations have long failed to find lasting solutions – my Administration is committed to exploring innovative approaches – I’m confident we can get it done!
When Jerome Powell staI will be holding a News Conference at 3:30 P.M. at the White House. Thank you!
TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!
Today’s SCOTUS ruling is a historic win for families who want SCHOOL CHOICE NOW! #SchoolChoice is a civil rights issue, and no parent should have to send their child to a failing school. I will continue to fight for School Choice and will always defend Religious Freedom!
We are helping Apple all of the time on TRADE and so many other issues, and yet they refuse to unlock phones used by killers, drug dealers and other violent criminal elements. They will have to step up to the plate and help our great Country, NOW! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
Bus investments are in the works for the people of Nebraska! I’m sending $13.6M from @USDOT in federal infrastructure funds for improvements to bus service in Omaha. Great news!
Happy to announce that @USDOT is providing $12.5M in federal infrastructure funds for bus improvements for the great people of Alabama. @huntsvillecity
....went on at the White House during some extremely interesting and impoAmericans are the strongest and most resilient people on eaCA25 is a Rigged Election. Trying to steal it from @MikeGarcia2020. @GavinNewsom must act now!
America owes our very hard working food supply workers so much as they produce and deliver high quality food for us during this horrible COVID-19. Join me in thanking our Farmers, Ranchers, Processors, Distributors and Stores! @JohnBoozman
As I watch the Pandemic spread its ugly face all across the world, including the tremendous damage it has done to the USA, I become more and more angry at China. People can see it, and I can feel it!
....the health and well-being of American families FIRST. Look forward to signing the final Bill, ASAP!
The Paycheck Protection Program is up and running! The program is open to nonprofits as well, so banks be sure to sign up our Great Religious and Veteran Organizations that need help!
This is a battle to save the Heritage, History, and Greatness of our Country! #MAGA2020
...At 3pm this afternoon, spoke to President Aoun of Lebanon to inform him that 3 large aircraft are on the way, loaded up with Medical Supplies, Food and Water. Also, First Responders, Technicians, Doctors, and Nurses on the way...
I fully suppoGovernor @GavinNewsom of California won’t let restaurants, beaches and stores open, but he installs a voting both system in a highly Democrat area (supposed to be mail in ballots only) because our great candidate, @MikeGarcia2020, is winning by a lot. CA25 Rigged Election!
....We will get through this together, and bats will be swinging before you know it. In the meantime, take care of mom and dad, and know that this will not be forever! @littleleagueceo
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer just said, “The American people want a fair trial in the Senate.” True, but why didn’t Nervous Nancy and Corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff give us a fair trial in the House. It was the most lopsided & unfair basement hearing in the history of Congress!
...vacationing, relaxing & making shady deals with other countries, & that Barack was always playing golf, doing much of his traveling in a fume spewing 747 to play golf in Hawaii - Once even teeing off immediately after announcing the gruesome death of a great young man by ISIS!
Sleepy Joe’s representatives have just put out an ad saying that I went to play golf (exercise) today. They think I should stay in the White House at all times. What they didn’t say is that it’s the first time I’ve played golf in almost 3 months, that Biden was constantly.....
On @foxandfriends Now! Enjoy!
Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…
Happy to send $18 MILLION in @USDOT funding to Utah to suppo“This President has done more for African Americans in this Country than any President since Lincoln.” @LouDobbs
At the request of many great Americans who live in the Suburbs, and others, I am studying the AFFH housing regulation that is having a devastating impact on these once thriving Suburban areas. Corrupt Joe Biden wants to make them MUCH WORSE. Not fair to homeowners, I may END!
Is this the Judge that put Paul ManafoNew Hampshire will receive nearly $822K in @USDOT funds for bus service in the city of Nashua. Happy to suppoCongrats to Pennsylvania for receiving $11.5M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT. Huge investments in Hazleton and Erie County to improve transit service and bring an economic boost to these areas!
BIG bucks heading to Illinois! $18.9M in federal infrastructure funds from @USDOT will be awarded to @ConnectTransit, @CityLinkPeoria, and @PaceSuburbanBus for improvements to bus service in the areas. Congratulations!
White House news conference at 6:45 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
Why is it that all of the political pundits & consultants that I beat so easily & badly, people that charged their clients far more than their services were woWhatever happened to Hillary campaign manager Podesta’s BROTHER? Wasn’t he caught, forced to leave his firm, with BIG BAD things to happen? Why did nothing ever happen to him, only to the “other” side?
....he will be successful, especially as the weather staJust had a long and very good conversation by phone with President Xi of China. He is strong, sharp and powerfully focused on leading the counterattack on the Coronavirus. He feels they are doing very well, even building hospitals in a matter of only days. Nothing is easy, but...
.@gayletrotter “To this day the establishment media have not admitted that they were wrong and the President was right.” @FoxNews
StaThe Ten Most Dangerous Cities in the U.S. are ALL run by Democrats, and this has gone on for DECADES!
Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, is having a really bad night. I think she is sending signals that she wants out. Calling for unity is her way of getting there, going home, and having a “nice cold beer” with her husband!
For humanitarian reasons, the passengers from the two CoronaVirus stricken cruise ships have been given medical treatment and, when appropriate, allowed to disembark, under strict supervision. Very carefully done. People we’re dying & no other countries would allow them to dock!
Impeachment King Steyer (how did that work out?) spent 200 Million Dollars and got less than 1% of the vote in Iowa, and only 3% of the Vote in New Hampshire. Could it be that something is just plain missing? Not easy to do what I did, is it?
Governor @GavinNewsom of California won’t let restaurants, beaches and stores open, but he installs a voting booth system in a highly Democrat area (supposed to be mail in ballots only) because our great candidate, @MikeGarcia2020, is winning by a lot. CA25 Rigged Election!
Democrats and Biden didn’t even mention the Anarchists, Agitators, Looters and so called “Peaceful Protesters” at their Convention. They will allow rampant crime, just as they do in PoSchools in our country should be opened ASAP. Much very good information now available. @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews
Good teamwork between Republicans & Democrats as the House passes the big CoronaVirus Relief Bill. People really pulled together. Nice to see!
USA STRONG!
Very poor morning TV ratings for MSDNC’s Morning Joe, headed by a complete Psycho named Joe Scarborough and his ditzy airhead wife, Mika, and also @CNN, headed by complete unknowns. Congratulations to @foxandfriends on dominating the mornings (thank you President Trump!).
Democrats Hate that I called for Big Pharma to match the lowest prescription drug prices in the World by using a FAVORED NATIONS CLAUSE. Prices will plunge!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Fake News Media is giving @KamalaHarris a free pass despite her Radical Left failures and very poor run in the Democrat Primary. There was nobody meaner or more condescending to Slow Joe, not even me, and yet she quickly evaporated down to almost zero in the polls. Bad!
LIGHT AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL!
I love the Great State of No...full attendance in the Arena. In other words, we would be spending millions of dollars building the Arena to a very high standard without even knowing if the Democrat Governor would allow the Republican PaDrug companies, which are being forced by me to substantially reduce Drug Prices, are taking $millions in ads saying I want to increase Medicare Primiums. Wrong, just the opposite! These ads show DRUG PRICES ARE GOING DOWN, and they are not happy! False adveHAPPY MEMORIAL DAY!
Will be interviewed by @Varneyco on @FoxBusiness at 10:00 A.M. Enjoy!
TRANSITION TO GREATNESS! Get ready, it is already happening again!
“Not the Senate’s job to mop up the mess made in the House by the Democrats. Biden admitted that he went to Ukraine and did the Quid Pro Quo.” @SteveScalise @FoxNews
Heading back to Washington from @Davos , Switzerland. Very successful (for USA) trip!
I know better than anyone that my friend Roger Ailes died 3 years ago, just look at what happened to @FoxNews. We all miss Roger!!!
A very bad night for Mini Mike!
Bootedgeedge (Buttigieg) is doing pretty well tonight. Giving Crazy Bernie a run for his money. Very interesting!
One of the many great things about our just signed giant Trade Deal with China is that it will bring both the USA & China closer together in so many other ways. Terrific working with President Xi, a man who truly loves his country. Much more to come!
Joe Biden was a TOTAL FAILURE in Government. He “bungled” everything that he touched!
Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
HUGE breakthrough today! Historic Peace Agreement between our two GREAT friends, Israel and the United Arab Emirates!
....Hawaii in a big, fully loaded 747, to play. What did that do to the so-called Carbon Footprint? He also played moments after the brutal killing by ISIS of a wonderful young man. Totally inappropriate - and it was me who shattered 100% of the ISIS Caliphate. I was left a MESS!
BIGGEST STOCK MARKET RISE IN HISTORY YESTERDAY!
....3 months and, if I waited 3 years, they would do their usual “hit” pieces anyway. They are sick with hatred and dishonesty. They are truly deranged! They don’t mention Sleepy Joe’s poor work ethic, or all of the time Obama spent on the golf course, often flying to....
Fake News @CNN and MSDNC have not surprisingly refused to talk about my record setting number of voters in New Hampshire (and in Iowa). That’s why they are poorly rated Fake News! I will win both states in November.
Joe Biden wanted the date for the Democrat National Convention moved to a later time period. Now he wants a “ViSOCIAL DISTANCING!
Wacko John Bolton’s “exceedingly tedious”(New York Times) book is made up of lies & fake stories. Said all good about me, in print, until the day I fired him. A disgruntled boring fool who only wanted to go to war. Never had a clue, was ostracized & happily dumped. What a dope!
Congratulations to Attorney General Bill Barr for taking charge of a case that was totally out of control and perhaps should not have even been brought. Evidence now clearly shows that the Mueller Scam was improperly brought & tainted. Even Bob Mueller lied to Congress!
News Conference at White House in 10 minutes.
Two months in jail for a Swamp Creature, yet 9 years recommended for Roger Stone (who was not even working for the Trump Campaign). Gee, that sounds very fair! Rogue prosecutors maybe? The Swamp! @foxandfriends @TuckerCarlson
Just finished a meeting on Covid-19 in the Situation Room, news conference coming up shoBiden got failing grades and polls on his clueless handling of the Swine Flu H1N1. It was a total disaster, they had no idea what they were doing. Among the worst ever!
Great Ratings & Reviews Last Night. Thank you!
“BLITZ, Trump Will Smash the Left and Win”, by David Horowitz. Amazon #1 Bestseller. Call 800-691-0022 Hot book, great author!
.@CynthiaMLummis is a friend of mine and a great woman. She is running for Senate in the very Special State of Wyoming. Cynthia is Strongly for our Military, our Vets, and protection of the Second Amendment...
White House news conference at 5:45 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
I have zero interest in moving the Republican National Convention to Doral in Miami, as falsely repo.@NBCNews is facing considerable backlash for pushing @Google to remove Conservative sites from its ad platform.
“Minneapolis City Council unanimously approves proposal to disband police.” @TIME The Democrats would do this all over the U.S. It would be a disaster for safety & security!
....If my hands were tied, Iran would have a field day. Sends a very bad signal. The Democrats are only doing this as an attempt to embarrass the Republican PaCan’t believe how badly @CNN has done in the newly released TV ratings. They are so far below @FoxNews (thank you President Trump!) that you can barely find them. Fredo should be given a big pay cut! MSDNC also did poorly. As I have long said, Fake News does not pay!!!
“Seattle’s CHOP is just the latest example of Liberal (Democrat) cities caving to lawlessness.” @seanhannity @FoxNews
Just had a nice conversation with Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau of Canada. Great to hear that his wonderful wife Sophie is doing very well. The United States and Canada will continue to coordinate closely together on COVID-19.
Sleepy Joe Biden (mostly his reps.) went crazy when I banned, in late January, people coming in from China. He called me “xenophobic” & then went equally “nuts” when we let in 44,000 people - until he was told they were American citizens coming home. He later apologized!
“It’s a terrible situation, and I blame the leaders of those cities. The President of the United States has fought through a lot of different things since he’s been in office, and to be honest with you, he’s done one hell of a job.” @HerschelWalker @seanhannity @FoxNews
Congratulations to @foxandfriends on completely dominating the just released morning TV Ratings. Morning Joke, staring Psycho Joe Scarborough on MSDNC, a Concast Company, was a disaster. Even worse was the barely registering @CNN mess!
.@AugustPfluger is a Great Veteran and Strong Leader for Texas where he is running for Congress. He will protect your #2A, fight for our Farmers, Oil/Gas Workers, and he suppoBolton’s book, which is getting terrible reviews, is a compilation of lies and made up stories, all intended to make me look bad. Many of the ridiculous statements he attributes to me were never made, pure fiction. Just trying to get even for firing him like the sick puppy he is!
The Russia Bounty story is just another made up by Fake News tale that is told only to damage me and the Republican PaNobody in 50 years has been WEAKER on China than Sleepy Joe Biden. He was asleep at the wheel. He gave them EVERYTHING they wanted, including rip-off Trade Deals. I am getting it all back!
Great reviews on our handling of Covid 19, sometimes referred to as the China Virus. Ventilators, Testing, Medical Supply Distribution, we made a lot of Governors look very good - And got no credit for so doing. Most impoGreat job being done by Dr. Nicole Saphier on @FoxNews!
THANK YOU NO....He didn’t want Bolton anywhere near him. Bolton’s dumbest of all statements set us back very badly with NoWhen Wacko John Bolton went on Deface the Nation and so stupidly said that he looked at the “Libyan Model” for No“NO PRESSURE”
My Executive Order to protect Monuments, Statues etc., IS IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT. In excess of a 10 year prison term. Please do not put yourself in jeopardy. Many people now under arrest!
Heading to New Hampshire!
Thank you for the great reviews of the @ABC News show last night!
No, I want Big Ten, and all other football, back - NOW. The Dems don’t want football back, for political reasons, but are trying to blame me and the Republicans. Another LIE, but this is what we are up against! They should also open up all of their Shutdown States.
Vaccines are moving along fast and safely!
Joe Biden’s handling of the H1N1 Swine Flu was a complete and total disaster. Even polls on the matter were terrible!
...Religious LibeLanding in New Hampshire!
The DACA decision, while a highly political one, and seemingly not based on the law, gives the President of the United States far more power than EVER anticipated. NeveThe Anti-Benghazi!
Why didn’t the I.G., who spent 8 years with the Obama Administration (Did she Repo....it’s alienating independents. This President is being persecuted over three years with one investigation after another, and that really plays to his base.” @FoxNews @cvpayne Their paNow it looks like the fore person in the jury, in the Roger Stone case, had significant bias. Add that to everything else, and this is not looking good for the “Justice” DepaSohrab Ahmari, New York Post “The Trump Campaign raised $10 million in the two days following the impeachment (Scam) vote. It seems the Democrats have shot themselves in the foot in one more way. They set up a process they know is not going to lead to the Presidents removal, &amp,...
Remember when Pelosi was screaming that President Trump is a danger to our nation and we must move quickly. They didn’t get one Republican House vote, and lost 3 Dems. They produced no case so now she doesn’t want to go to the Senate. She’s all lies. Most overrated person I know!
The opening of a Cold Case against Psycho Joe Scarborough
“Deven Nunes predicts that more examples of Mueller team misconduct will be revealed in coming weeks.” @seanhannity @FoxNews
Wisconsin, get out and vote NOW for Justice Daniel Kelly. Protect your 2nd Amendment!
....about whether or not Joe could have done such a horrible thing? Maybe or maybe not, but I find Joe to be a total Nut Job, and I knew him well, far better than most. So many unanswered & obvious questions, but I won’t bring them up now! Law enforcement eventually will?
The opening of a Cold Case against Psycho Joe Scarborough was not a Donald Trump original thought, this has been going on for years, long before I joined the chorus. In 2016 when Joe & his wacky future ex-wife, Mika, would endlessly interview me, I would always be thinking....
Stock Market up BIG, DOW crosses 25,000. S&P 500 over 3000. States should open up ASAP. The Transition to Greatness has staMini Mike is a 5’4” mass of dead energy who does not want to be on the debate stage with these professional politicians. No boxes please. He hates Crazy Bernie and will, with enough money, possibly stop him. Bernie’s people will go nuts!
New Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!
White House news conference at 5:30 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
We made most Governors look very good, even great, by getting them the Ventilators, unlimited Testing, and supplies, all of which they should have had in their own stockpiles. So they look great, and I just keep rolling along, doing great things and getting Fake Lamestream News!
News Conference at 5:45. Enjoy!
DRAIN THE SWAMP! We want bad people out of our government!
TODAY IS A NATIONAL DAY OF PRAYER. GOD BLESS EVERYONE!
....which he actually has a military and legal obligation to do. His incredible wife, Karen, who I have a lot of respect for, once pulled me aside & said strongly that “John respects you greatly. When we are no longer here, he will only speak well of you.” Wrong!
Biden was asked questions at his so-called Press Conference yesterday where he read the answers from a teleprompter. That means he was given the questions, just like Crooked Hillary. Never have seen this before!
....One person lost to this invisible virus is too much, it should have been stopped at its source, China, but I acted very quickly, and made the right decisions. Many of the current political complainers thought, at the time, that I was moving far to fast, like Crazy Nancy!
For all of the political hacks out there, if I hadn’t done my job well, & early, we would have lost 1 1/2 to 2 Million People, as opposed to the 100,000 plus that looks like will be the number. That’s 15 to 20 times more than we will lose. I shut down entry from China very early!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Look forward to it.
I am watching a great and beautiful service by Pastor Jentezen Franklin. Thank you! @Jentezen
First thing the anarchists did upon taking over Seattle was “BUILD A WALL”. See, I was ahead of our times!
If the incompetent Mayor of PoMoving up News Conference to 5:15. Enjoy!
When I terminated John Kelly, which I couldn’t do fast enough, he knew full well that he was way over his head. Being Chief of Staff just wasn’t for him. He came in with a bang, went out with a whimper, but like so many X’s, he misses the action & just can’t keep his mouth shut,.
....horrible BLM chant, “Pigs In A Blanket, Fry ‘Em Like Bacon”. Maybe our GREAT Police, who have been neutralized and scorned by a mayor who hates & disrespects them, won’t let this symbol of hate be affixed to New York’s greatest street. Spend this money fighting crime instead!
It was not Ambassador Lighthizer’s fault (yesterday in Committee) in that perhaps I didn’t make myself clear, but the U.S. ce....A total double standard. The only thing the Dems have going for them is their very close relationship with the Fake News Lamestream Media!
Didn’t Obama, whose Administration has now been caught cold illegally spying on the Trump campaign, recently also get caught playing golf on a course in Virginia, despite his wife Michelle urging people to stay home, before and after his round, in a major public service message?
I’m seeing Governor Cuomo today at The White House. He must understand that National Security far exceeds politics. New York must stop all of its unnecessary lawsuits & harrassment, staNYC is cutting Police $’s by ONE BILLION DOLLARS, and yet the @NYCMayor is going to paint a big, expensive, yellow Black Lives Matter sign on Fifth Avenue, denigrating this luxury Avenue. This will fu....The USA was never set up for this, just look at the catastrophe of the H1N1 Swine Flu (Biden in charge, 17,000 people lost, very late response time), but it soon will be. Great decision to close our China, and other, borders early. Saved many lives!
There will be a News Conference by the CoronaVirus Task Force today at the White House, 5 P.M. @VP We are working closely with the Governors of our Country’s great States, which are a very big factor. They are working hard, along with us, to get the job properly done.....
Great total numbers for the Republican National Convention. Blows Democrat National Convention away. Also, much bigger fund raising numbers!
Proud to propose a $25M award to @MichiganDOT to replace and expand the Blue Water Bridge poCan’t believe they are not going after Schumer for the threats he made to our cherished United States Supreme CouDon’t worry, wonderful & beautiful Alaska, there will be NO POLITICS in the Pebble Mine Review Process. I will do what is right for Alaska and our great Country!!!
How does the Fake News not include Online Streaming Numbers where Republicans blow the Dem Numbers away?
“The President has never asked me to do anything in a criminal case.” A.G. Barr This doesn’t mean that I do not have, as President, the legal right to do so, I do, but I have so far chosen not to!
I hope all Republican House Members vote NO on FISA until such time as our Country is able to determine how and why the greatest political, criminal, and subversive scandal in USA history took place!
Great news for Louisiana! $135M proposed to @La_DOTD from @USDOT to build 8.3 miles of elevated highway from Leeville Bridge to Golden Meadow to protect access to the area against flooding.
Disgraceful that Big Ten is not playing football. Let them PLAY!
“The number of New Yorkers admitted to hospitals has dropped.” @ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends Good news!
....Twitter is completely stifling FREE SPEECH, and I, as President, will not allow it to happen!
.@Twitter is now interfering in the 2020 Presidential Election. They are saying my statement on Mail-In Ballots, which will lead to massive corruption and fraud, is incorrect, based on fact-checking by Fake News CNN and the Amazon Washington Post....
The Fake and Corrupt News never called Google. They said this was not true. Even in times such as these, they are not truthful. Watch for their apology, it won’t happen. More impo.@WVDOT will be awarded $12 million from @USDOT to help finish the Corridor H project between Kerens and Parsons, key to a booming economy in the Great State of West Virginia!
I’m proud to propose a $6.8M award to @WisconsinDOT from @USDOT to complete the last phase of the Merrimac Bridge rehabilitation – more efficient and lower cost rail car travel over Lake Wisconsin!
Republicans should fight very hard when it comes to state wide mail-in voting. Democrats are clamoring for it. Tremendous potential for voter fraud, and for whatever reason, doesn’t work out well for Republicans. @foxandfriends
“President Trump, with smaRepublicans are fighting for citizens from every background, & from every race, religion, color & creed. We are a movement for ALL AMERICANS who believe in fairness & justice, equality & dignity, oppoDemocrats are now the paOBAMAGATE!
Great News: The boring but very nasty magazine, The Atlantic, is rapidly failing, going down the tubes, and has just been forced to announce it is laying off at least 20% of its staff in order to limp into the future. This is a tough time to be in the Fake News Business!
Great things headed to Tennessee! $11.2M is headed to @myTDOT from @USDOT to install fiber optic communications on I-40 from Memphis to Nashville. This is HUGE for safety info and broadband in a lot of communities that need it!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican PaThe Failing @nytimes, winner of @PulitzerPrizes for its totally flawed coverage of the illegal Russia Witch Hunt, does its research as follows: Think of the absolute worst things you can say about Donald J. Trump, pretend there are sources, and just say it. RETURN THE PULITZERS!
Kenosha has been very quiet for the third night in a row or, since the National Guard has shown up. That’s the way it works, it’s all very simple. PoSo great to see our Country sta@alan_liljegren. Thanks Alan.
.@RIDOTNews is set to be awarded $65 million from @USDOT to complete multiple safety improvements and repairs to the RI-246 corridor – greatly improving travel through the region!
.@PoProposing $73.7M to @wsdot for the Puget Sound Gateway Program from @USDOT. Will build “missing links” to the Po...the Fake News Media into not covering them, but that effoWhen are the Fake Journalists, who received unwarranted Pulitzer Prizes for Russia, Russia, Russia, and the Impeachment Scam, going to turn in their tarnished awards so they can be given to the real journalists who got it right. I’ll give you the names, there are plenty of them!
The Radical Left Democrats have gone absolutely crazy that I am doing daily Presidential News Conferences. They actually want me to STOP! They used to complain that I am not doing enough of them, now they complain that I “shouldn’t be allowed to do them.” They tried to shame.....
Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, @BorisJohnson, stated, “We should replace the Iran deal with the Trump deal.” I agree!
Congratulations to author Nick Adams on the @simonschuster publication of your new book, “Trump and Churchill, Defenders of Western Civilization”. CeI was very surprised & disappointed that Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia voted against me on the Democrat’s totally paI’m proposing a $50M award to @nevadadot from @USDOT to reconstruct the Tropicana Avenue/I-15 interchange. So impo$25M coming your way @NCDOT! The great state of NoThe Democrats see chaos as their way while President Trump sees the Rule of Law. Mayor @kenblackwell Thank you Ken!
Once we OPEN UP OUR GREAT COUNYRY, and it will be sooner rather than later, the horror of the Invisible Enemy, except for those that sadly lost a family member or friend, must be quickly forgotten. Our Economy will BOOM, perhaps like never before!!!
I must say, that was a VERY boring debate. Biden lied when he said I want to cut Social Security and Medicare. That’s what they ALL said 4 years ago, and nothing happened, in fact, I saved Social Security and Medicare. I will not be cutting, but they will. Be careful!
News conference live from the @WhiteHouse today. 5:00 P.M. Eastern!
We are getting great marks for the handling of the CoronaVirus pandemic, especially the very early BAN of people from China, the infectious source, entering the USA. Compare that to the Obama/Sleepy Joe disaster known as H1N1 Swine Flu. Poor marks, bad polls - didn’t have a clue!
We are tracking down the two Anarchists who threw paint on the magnificent George Washington Statue in Manhattan. We have them on tape. They will be prosecuted and face 10 years in Prison based on the Monuments and Statues Act. Turn yourselves in now!
Floridians will get $10M grant from @USDOT for @MyFDOT’s I-4 to improve technology to provide travelers with better information and impo$71.5M will be headed to @MississippiDOT from @USDOT to finish the Greenville Bypass in Washington County. So impoIt is happening again to Crazy Bernie, just like last time, only far more obvious. They are taking the Democrat Nomination away from him, and there’s very little he can do. A Rigged System!
Wow! Despite the Democrats views across TV and online lie (Con!), we had 147.9 million, the Republican National Convention blew the Democrat National Convention AWAY. Not even close! Just like their lies on Russia, Football (PLAY!) and everything else! NOVEMBER 3rd.
Once we OPEN UP OUR GREAT COUNTRY, and it will be sooner rather than later, the horror of the Invisible Enemy, except for those that sadly lost a family member or friend, must be quickly forgotten. Our Economy will BOOM, perhaps like never before!!!
FLATTENING OF THE CURVE!
....Today, @FLOTUS and I encourage all Americans to cherish and honor the memory of those we have lost through acts of love and service. We will hold Parkland forever in our heaIt has been two years since the tragedy in Parkland. We will always mourn the innocent lives taken from us – 14 wonderful students and 3 terrific educators. Earlier this week, I met with families whose experiences from that horrible day still piece the soul....
Big news for @EagleCounty, Colorado! $60.7M proposed to @ColoradoDOT from @USDOT for improvements and enhanced safety to the Vail Pass on I-70, between miles 180-190. HUGE for safe travel through the region!
“Schiff doesn’t have a case telling the truth, so he’s manufacturing things.” Rush Limbaugh @foxandfriends
Bernie Sanders is OUT! Thank you to Elizabeth Warren. If not for her, Bernie would have won almost every state on Super Tuesday! This ended just like the Democrats & the DNC wanted, same as the Crooked Hillary fiasco. The Bernie people should come to the Republican Pa“The Greatest name in politics,” Patrick @McHenryCampaign from the Great State of NoCongratulations to Officer John Catanzara for being elected President of the Chicago Police Union. He always “Gets the Job Done”. #MAGA @foxandfriends
Designating $38.1 million to @MaineDOT1 from @USDOT to replace SEVEN bridges and improve FIVE locations in Kennebec, Oxford, Penobscot, and Somerset Counties. Very impo$55.15M will be on its way to @KYTC to widen @mtnparkway from two lanes to four lanes between the KY 191 overpass and the KY 205 interchange. Must keep the people of Kentucky moving efficiently and safely!
Wow, Bernie is unwilling to give up his delegates, and wants more of them! What’s that all about?
.@MoInTheHouse Brooks is running for Congress in the Great State of Alabama. He is a huge suppo.@JodeyArrington from the Great State of Texas has been an incredible suppo“There is no evidence of a crime.” RobeThe Fake News doesn’t want to repoGreat things coming to Arkansas! $40M to be awarded to @myARDOT from @USDOT to reconstruct and improve US 67 in @PulaskiAR and Lonoke Counties. Will reduce congestion and travel time – a huge boost for economic growth!
$40M proposed to @AnokaCounty in Minnesota from @USDOT for the Ramsey Gateway Project on US Highway 10/169. Will help congestion and make travel safer and more efficient in the area!
HAPPY MOTHER’S DAY!
Can’t see AOC plus 3 suppo.@TomMcClintock is a strong Conservative Leader who will always fight for the people of California. He fully suppoAttorney Generals from 21 States are urging the Senate to reject Impeachment. They say the ANews Conference at 9:30. Great Jobs Numbers!
God Bless the USA!
Extraordinary times require even closer cooperation between friends. Thank you India and the Indian people for the decision on HCQ. Will not be forgotten! Thank you Prime Minister @NarendraModi for your strong leadership in helping not just India, but humanity, in this fight!
Everybody is so well unified and working so hard. It is a beautiful thing to see. They love our great Country. We will end up being stronger than ever before!
White House news conference at 5:30 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
It has been two years since the tragedy in Parkland. We will always mourn the innocent lives taken from us – 14 wonderful students and 3 terrific educators. Earlier this week, I met with families whose experiences from that horrible day still pierce the soul....
...ruling & request of yesterday. I have wanted to take care of DACA recipients better than the Do Nothing Democrats, but for two years they refused to negotiate - They have abandoned DACA. Based on the decision the Dems can’t make DACA citizens. They gained nothing! @DHSgov
In an Impeachment, you can’t use a work of fiction as the theory for the case, filling in gaps with presumptions against the President. It was a weak presentation, self indulgent, & he didn’t deliver the goods.” RobeThe Supreme CouToday, we honor the brave Native American/First Nations soldiers who served our Nation and played a vital role in America's victory in WWII. The Navajo Code was never broken and saved untold American lives. Our country will be forever grateful. Happy Navajo Code Talkers Day!
Just had a very good tele-conference with Nations’s Governors. Went very well. Cuomo of New York has to “do more”.
The Democrat House would not give us lawyers, or not one witness, but now demand that the Republican Senate produce the witnesses that the House never sought, or even asked for? They had their chance, but pretended to rush. Most unfair & corrupt hearing in Congressional history!
Now up to 187 Federal Judges, and two great new Supreme CouJust had a very good tele-conference with Nation’s Governors. Went very well. Cuomo of New York has to “do more”.
....Today, @FLOTUS and I encourage all Americans to cherish and honor the memory of those we have lost through acts of love and service. We will hold Parkland forever in our hea.@FoxNews is out with another of their phony polls, done by the same group of haters that got it even more wrong in 2016. Watch what happens in November. Fox is terrible!
....happen again. Just like we can’t let large scale Mail-In Ballots take root in our Country. It would be a free for all on cheating, forgery and the theft of Ballots. Whoever cheated the most would win. Likewise, Social Media. Clean up your act, NOW!!!!
Any protesters, anarchists, agitators, looters or lowlifes who are going to Oklahoma please understand, you will not be treated like you have been in New York, Seattle, or Minneapolis. It will be a much different scene!
Biden and the Democrats want to get rid of the Private Healthcare Plans for 180 MILLION Americans that are happy. They’ll be put on socialized medicine!
Republicans feel that Social Media Platforms totally silence conservatives voices. We will strongly regulate, or close them down, before we can ever allow this to happen. We saw what they attempted to do, and failed, in 2016. We can’t let a more sophisticated version of that....
The Democrats & Shifty Schiff, whose presentation to the Senate was loaded with lies and misrepresentations, are refusing to state that the Obama Administration withheld aid from many countries including Ukraine, Pakistan, Philippines, Egypt, Honduras, & Mexico. Witch Hunt!
....during his hopeless “presidential” campaign. They will remain silent! The fact is, when Mini losses, he will be spending very little of his money on these “clowns” because he will consider himself to be the biggest clown of them all - and he will be right!
Mini Mike Bloomberg is playing poker with his foolhardy and unsuspecting Democrat rivals. He says that if he loses (he really means when!) in the primaries, he will spend money helping whoever the Democrat nominee is. By doing this, he figures, they won’t hit him as hard....
I ask all Americans to band together and suppoYesterday I spoke with the great American Grocers and Supply Chain Executives. We are confident that supply will continue to meet demand nationwide. These beacons of our community will remain open for you, no matter what. We are working hard to remove any barriers to that effoWe have informed both India and China that the United States is ready, willing and able to mediate or arbitrate their now raging border dispute. Thank you!
.@LouieGohmeSteve has my Complete and Total suppo“THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE.”
"New papers make CLEAR that the Obama Administration SPIED, in an unprecedented manner, on the Trump Campaign and beyond, and even on the United States Senate. Nobody would ever have believed that this level of illegality and corruption would be taking place in our beautiful USA!
We MUST lower drug prices for patients! @ChuckGrassley, @HouseGOP, and @MikeCrapo have SHOWN LEADERSHIP while @RonWyden and @SenateDems WALK AWAY!
....and more control over Iraq, and the people of Iraq are not happy with that. It will never end well!
The United States has paid Iraq Billions of Dollars a year, for many years. That is on top of all else we have done for them. The people of Iraq don’t want to be dominated &amp, controlled by Iran, but ultimately, that is their choice. Over the last 15 years, Iran has gained more....
....of PROTESTERS killed in Iran itself. While Iran will never be able to properly admit it, Soleimani was both hated and feared within the country. They are not nearly as saddened as the leaders will let the outside world believe. He should have been taken out many years ago!
...The Bob Woodward book will be a FAKE, as always, just as many of the others have been. But, believe it or not, lately I’ve been getting lots of GREAT books!
Everybody does phony books on Donald Trump and Republicans, just like the Fake Dossier, which turned out to be a total fraud perpetrated by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC...
OBAMAGATE MAKES WATERGATE LOOK LIKE SMALL POTATOES!
Absentee Ballots are a great way to vote for the many senior citizens, military, and others who can’t get to the polls on Election Day. These ballots are very different from 100% Mail-In Voting, which is “RIPE for FRAUD,” and shouldn’t be allowed!
Great honor, I think? Mark Zuckerberg recently stated that “Donald J. Trump is Number 1 on Facebook. Number 2 is Prime Minister Modi of India.” Actually, I am going to India in two weeks. Looking forward to it!
...Congress should send me H.R.473 ASAP and make this happen! It will INSPIRE all women to continue being bold and brave in achieving their DREAMS!
I have done more for WOMEN than just about any President in HISTORY! As we celebrate the 100th Anniversary of women’s voting rights, we should build a BEAUTIFUL STATUE in Washington D.C. to honor the many brave women who made this possible for our GREAT COUNTRY...
We are acting as a police force, not the fighting force that we are, in Afghanistan. After 19 years, it is time for them to police their own Country. Bring our soldiers back home but closely watch what is going on and strike with a thunder like never before, if necessary!
.@OANN A key CoronaVirus Model is now predicting far fewer deaths than the number shown in earlier models. That’s because the American people are doing a great job. Social Distancing etc. Keep going!
We pass 15,000,000 Tests Today, by far the most in the World. Open Safely!
The Democrats are doing totally false adveI have directed @stevenmnuchin1 to get ready to send direct payments ($3,400 for family of four) to all Americans. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
..Even whether it’s dumb warmongers like John Bolton, social pretenders like Bob Woodward, who never has anything good to say, or an unstable niece, who was now rightfully shunned, scorned and mocked her entire life, and never even liked by her own very kind & caring grandfather!
“This is all about undermining the next Election.” Liz Peek, @FoxNews
TRANSITION TO GREATNESS
Dr. Taylor Marshall, author. “There Is A War On Christianity”. @OANN
The Democrats are just ANGRY that the vaccine and delivery are so far ahead of schedule. They hate what they are seeing. Saving lives should make them happy, not sad!
Psycho Joe Scarborough is rattled, not only by his bad ratings but all of the things and facts that are coming out on the internet about opening a Cold Case. He knows what is happening!
I am ready to have @USTreasury and @SBA send additional PPP payments to small businesses that have been huWhy are the Democrats allowed to make fake and fraudulent ads. They should be called out. They did nothing when they had the chance. I have done FAR more than any President in first 3 1/2 years!
California leads the nation, by far, in both the number of homeless people, and the percentage increase in the homeless population - two terrible stats. Crazy Nancy should focus on that in her very down district, and helping her incompetent governor with the big homeless problem!
Russia, Syria, and Iran are killing, or on their way to killing, thousands of innocent civilians in Idlib Province. Don’t do it! Turkey is working hard to stop this carnage.
Despite all of the great success that our Country has had over the last 3 years, it makes it much more difficult to deal with foreign leaders (and others) when I am having to constantly defend myself against the Do Nothing Democrats &amp, their bogus Impeachment Scam. Bad for USA!
“Nancy Pelosi has no leverage over the Senate. Mitch McConnell did not nose his way into the impeachment process in the House, and she has no standing in the Senate.” Brad Blakeman. Crazy Nancy should clean up her filthy diNancy Pelosi’s District in California has rapidly become one of the worst anywhere in the U.S. when it come to the homeless &amp, crime. It has gotten so bad, so fast - she has lost total control and, along with her equally incompetent governor, Gavin Newsom, it is a very sad sight!
Brad Blakeman “I happen to believe as a lawyer that the charges are defective, they don’t meet the Constitutional standard of high crimes and misdemeanors, so I would like to see a Motion to Dismiss. At least 51 Republican Senators would agree with that-there should be no trial.”
...&amp, overwhelming,” but this Scam Impeachment was neither. Also, very unfair with no Due Process, proper representation, or witnesses. Now Pelosi is demanding everything the Republicans weren’t allowed to have in the House. Dems want to run majority Republican Senate. Hypocrites!
Why should Crazy Nancy Pelosi, just because she has a slight majority in the House, be allowed to Impeach the President of the United States? Got ZERO Republican votes, there was no crime, the call with Ukraine was perfect, with “no pressure.” She said it must be “bipaGreat News: Prime Minister Boris Johnson has just been moved out of Intensive Care. Get well Boris!!!
Former National Security Adviser for President Obama said “President Trump was absolutely correct” in taking out terroristist leader Soleimani. Thank you General Jones!
The Democrats don’t want a Witness Trade because Shifty Schiff, the Biden’s, the fake Whistleblower(& his lawyer), the second Whistleblower (who vanished after I released the Transcripts), the so-called “informer”, & many other Democrat disasters, would be a BIG problem for them!
The Radical Left Lamestream Media, together with their paI am ready to send more money to States and Local governments to save jobs for Police, Fire Fighters, First Responders, and Teachers. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
The Governor of NoTony Fauci has nothing to do with NFL Football. They are planning a very safe and controlled opening. However, if they don’t stand for our National Anthem and our Great American Flag, I won’t be watching!!!
The United States looks forward to welcoming Prime Minister @Netanyahu & Blue & White Chairman @Gantzbe to the @WhiteHouse next week. Repo.....biggest test of his presidency emboldened, ready to claim exoneration, and take his case of grievance, persecution and resentment to the campaign trail.” Peter Baker @nytimes The Greatest Witch Hunt In American History!
“Ralph Waldo Emerson seemed to foresee the lesson of the Senate Impeachment Trial of President Trump. ‘When you strike at the King, Emerson famously said, “you must kill him.’ Mr. Trump’s foes struck at him but did not take him down. A triumphant Mr.Trump emerges from the.....
The Wall Street Journal always “forgets” to mention that the ratings for the White House Press Briefings are “through the roof” (Monday Night Football, Bachelor Finale, according to @nytimes) & is only way for me to escape the Fake News & get my views across. WSJ is Fake News!
Twitter has now shown that everything we have been saying about them (and their other compatriots) is correct. Big action to follow!
Now that Biden’s Polls are dropping fast, he has agreed to get out of his basement and sta....New Hampshire - and the big crowds - was great last night. Thank you! Heading now for Louisiana & Texas to check out the damage done by Hurricane Laura. @FEMA & @FEMA_Pete are, together with Law Enforcement and First Responders, doing a great job!
IG repo“The Democrats have now conceded that President Trump has not committed a crime.” @AriFleischer
“It’s a trap because they want to tank the economy and make everything look trrrible so they can make President Trump look bad in November. They want Trump to have to send in troops so it looks bad for him.” Dave Rubin, author of “Don’t Burn This Book.” @seanhannity
....We will always be there for our Great Farmers, Cattlemen, Ranchers, and Producers!
I have directed @SecretarySonny to expedite help to our farmers, especially to the smaller farmers who are huI am ready to send $105B to the states to help open schools safely with additional PPE. DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP!
If I didn’t demand that National Guard Troops go into Minneapolis after watching how poorly the Liberal Democrat government was handling things, you wouldn’t even have a Minneapolis now. Once they were deployed, in force, all looting, burning and crime stopped DEAD!
WARRANTLESS SURVEILLANCE OF AMERICANS IS WRONG!
Watch Mark Levin NOW on @FoxNews. Topic: Mail-In Voting!
Thank you to @NASA and @SpaceX for their hard work and leadership. Look forward to being back with you on Saturday!
About the only way a person is able to write a book on me is if they agree that it will contain as much bad “stuff” as possible, much of which is lies. It’s like getting a job with CNN or MSDNC and saying that “President Trump is great.” You have ZERO chance. FAKE NEWS!
Crazy Bernie takes the lead in the Democrat Primaries, but it is looking more and more like the Dems will never allow him to win! Will Sleepy Joe be able to stumble across the finish line?
Democrats are going to destroy your Social Security. I have totally left it alone, as promised, and will save it!
Darrell always has had my full suppoJust returned to Washington from Louisiana & Texas, after tours and discussions concerning Hurricane Laura. Thank you to @FEMA and ALL. God bless the families of those who perished!
The thugs who accosted Senator @RandPaul and his wonderful wife, Kelly, together with those who made threats to many other people who had just attended the Republican National Convention at the White House, must be sought out and immediately arrested. Well documented evidence!
....as to whether they want help in taking back Seattle. Ready to move quickly! Damage to various Democrat run Cities & States, including statue demolition, should not be allowed to happen. Ready to solve problem quickly! Federal Government is Ready, Willing & Able!@TuckerCarlson
Informed Dr. Fauci this morning that he has nothing to do with NFL Football. Forced Democrat run Minnesota to bring in the National Guard & end rioting & looting after seeing the destruction & crime in Minneapolis. 100% successful! Waiting to hear from Dem run Washington State...
.@CNN should move Fredo back to the morning slot. He was rewarded for bad ratings with a much better time slot - and again got really bad ratings. Getting totally trounced by @FoxNews. Give him another shot in the morning - He would easily beat Morning Joe’s poorly rated show!
Federal Government is working very well with the Governors and State officials. Good things will happen! #KILLTHEVIRUS
Cuomo wants “all states to be treated the same.” But all states aren’t the same. Some are being hit hard by the Chinese Virus, some are being hit practically not at all. New York is a very big “hotspot”, West Virginia has, thus far, zero cases. Andrew, keep politics out of it....
...ImpoState Supreme CouUnsolicited Ballots are uncontrollable, totally open to ELECTION INTERFERENCE by foreign countries, and will lead to massive chaos and confusion!
Congratulations Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga. You have a great life story! I know you will do a tremendous job for Japan and for the world. Look forward to talking soon! @kantei @sugawitter
I am lowering, not raising, Medicare Premiums!
Failing Michigan Governor must work harder and be much more proactive. We are pushing her to get the job done. I stand with Michigan!
Big Tech is doing everything in their very considerable power to CENSOR in advance of the 2020 Election. If that happens, we no longer have our freedom. I will never let it happen! They tried hard in 2016, and lost. Now they are going absolutely CRAZY. Stay Tuned!!!
LAW & ORDER!
Remember, will be at Daytona 500 tomorrow!
The D.C. Police are not doing their job as they watch a statue be ripped down & burn. These people should be immediately arrested. A disgrace to our Country! @MayorBowser
Jeanne Mancini, President, March for Life: “We have never had a President of the United States actually come in person to the March for Life.” But now you do! See you later Jeanne. @HeatherChilders @FoxNews
The biggest difference between the Presidential Race in 2020 and that of 2016 is the 2016 candidate, Crooked Hillary Clinton, was much smaThank you to @JackBrewerBSI for your kind words on the great progress we have made on our powerful African-American Agenda. For one, lowest unemployment numbers in USA history. Many other great records! @foxandfriends @FoxNews
“21 State Attorney Generals denouncing the Impeachment of President Trump.” @FoxNews
“He’s got to explain this. How did Hunter Biden get a billion and a half dollars (from China) to invest when he’d been in business for 60 days?” @LindseyGrahamSC @FoxNews
Senator @SteveDaines is doing a tremendous job for the people of Montana! He just helped me pass the Great American Outdoors Act, which protects the Montana way of life. His opponent, Steve Bullock, would be an absolute horror for Montana...
Everything a Governor asked the Federal Government for with respect to the Pandemic, they got. They all said, on tape, the Federal government did a great job. Governor Cuomo used the word “phenomenal.” The Task Force worked well with the States. Feds bailed out many States!
.....who was all washed up until I brought him back and gave him a chance, broke the law by releasing Classified Information (in massive amounts). He must pay a very big price for this, as others have before him. This should never to happen again!!!
Wow, I finally agree with failed political consultant Steve Schmidt, who called Wacko John Bolton “a despicable man who failed in his duty to protect America.” Also stated that he should never be allowed to serve in government again. So true! Plain and simple, John Bolton,....
....Bolton broke the law and has been called out and rebuked for so doing, with a really big price to pay. He likes dropping bombs on people, and killing them. Now he will have bombs dropped on him!
BIG COUThere is a rise in Coronavirus cases because our testing is so massive and so good, far bigger and better than any other country. This is great news, but even better news is that death, and the death rate, is DOWN. Also, younger people, who get better much easier and faster!
...of the Ballots in Nevada!? Not fair, Rigged Election! @GovSisolak, will use every trick in the book to cheat with Ballots.
We had great rallies this past weekend, after the Governor of Nevada worked very hard to cancel all of our venues. Despite the fact that he controls the state, he failed, but would have rather done rally outside. Can you imagine this man is in charge...
Our great National Guard could solve these problems in less than 1 hour. Local authorities must ask before it is too late. People of Po.@CBS and their show, @60Minutes, are doing everything within their power, which is far less today than it was in the past, to defend China and the horrible Virus pandemic that was inflicted on the USA and the rest of the World. I guess they want to do business in China!
NASDAQ HAD ITS 23RD RECORD CLOSE OF THE YEAR. OTHER EXCHANGES ARE FOLLOWING CLOSELY BEHIND. TREMENDOUS POTENTIAL REMAINING. BIG MONTHS UPCOMING. NEXT YEAR, DEPENDING ON AN ELECTION WIN, WILL BE ONE OF THE BEST EVER! @LouDobbs
Getting ready to go to the Daytona 500. Will be GREAT!
Last week the Fake News said that a section of our powerful, under construction, Southern Border Wall “fell over”, trying to make it sound terrible, except the reason was that the concrete foundation was just poured & soaking wet when big winds kicked in. Quickly fixed “forever”.
.@RonnyJackson4TX is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy, he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor, Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes, the Border and the Second Amendment...
The world is at war with a hidden enemy. WE WILL WIN!
ANTIFA is a Radical Left group that only wants bad things for our Country. They are suppoRepublicans are the pa“Players take knee, raise fist, stay in locker room, during National Anthem”. @FoxNews No thanks, tell them to “protest” some other time!
Left California for Arizona. Leaving Arizona after a GREAT meeting with our incredible Hispanic community. Heard fantastic and inspiring success stories. Will be landing in Washington (D.C.) soon! Big White House ceremony tomorrow morning with Israel, UAE, and Bahrain.
...caused over so many years. Any attack by Iran, in any form, against the United States will be met with an attack on Iran that will be 1,000 times greater in magnitude!
Great work by the Governors of AZ, IA, LA, and NM (@DougDucey @IAGovernor @LouisianaGov & @GovMLG) who responded to my Executive Action and promptly submitted applications, that we APPROVED QUICKLY, to suppoDemocrats are blocking a 251 Million Dollar funding boost for Small Businesses which will help them keep their employees. It should be for only that reason, with no additions. We should have a big Infrastructure Phase Four with Payroll Tax Cuts & more. Big Economic Bounceback!
The Democrat House wants to pass a Bill this week that will destroy our police. Republican Congressmen & Congresswomen will hopefully fight hard to defeat it. We must protect and cherish our police, they keep us safe!
This week, in only 4 days, we had the biggest Stock Market increase since 1974. We have a great chance for the really big bounce when the Invisible Enemy is gone!
A Democrat win in 2020 would be a tragic setback for African Americans! @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews
....And Michigan, and NoDid you see where Joe Biden — as Weak, Tired, and Sleepy as he is, went to a Polling Place today in Delaware (of course!) to VOTE!? If Biden can do it, any American can do it!
“His (President Trump’s) policies set a foundation that allowed us to survive the pandemic.” @HeyTammyBruce @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews True, we built something so strong that we are now setting economic growth records again - Jobs & Growth!!!
Democrats are blocking a 251 Billion Dollar funding boost for Small Businesses which will help them keep their employees. It should be for only that reason, with no additions. We should have a big Infrastructure Phase Four with Payroll Tax Cuts & more. Big Economic Bounceback!
HAPPY PRESIDENT’S DAY!
Congress must go back to DEDUCTIBILITY by businesses if Restaurants, Clubs & EnteCompletion of the Daytona 500 on Fox Network now. Enjoy!
I will totally protect your Medicare & Social Security!
Did you hear the latest con job? President Obama is now trying to take credit for the Economic Boom taking place under the Trump Administration. He had the WEAKEST recovery since the Great Depression, despite Zero Fed Rate & MASSIVE quantitative easing. NOW, best jobs numbers....
I always treated the Chinese Virus very seriously, and have done a very good job from the beginning, including my very early decision to close the “borders” from China - against the wishes of almost all. Many lives were saved. The Fake News new narrative is disgraceful & false!
....ever. Had to rebuild our military, which was totally depleted. Fed Rate UP, taxes and regulations WAY DOWN. If Dems won in 2016, the USA would be in big economic (Depression?) & military trouble right now. THE BEST IS YET TO COME. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
RIGGED 2020 ELECTION: MILLIONS OF MAIL-IN BALLOTS WILL BE PRINTED BY FOREIGN COUNTRIES, AND OTHERS. IT WILL BE THE SCANDAL OF OUR TIMES!
....a foreign power, engaged in clandestine intelligence activities, and yet they still asked for the renewal, two more times, and it gave the right for the government to rifle through the Trump campaigns files, & Emails, Text messages.....” So how bad & illegal is that? @FoxNews
Frances Hakes, former Federal prosecutor, “This is really significant. The FBI had debunked the Steele Dossier in January of 2017, and then even after they did that, even after they knew from the CIA & from their own sources, they knew that CaThe DNC will have gotten their fondest wish and defeated Bernie Sanders, fat ahead of schedule. Now they are doing everything possible to be nice to him in order to keep his suppoI gave John Bolton, who was incapable of being Senate confirmed because he was considered a wacko, and was not liked, a chance. I always like hearing differing points of view. He turned out to be grossly incompetent, and a liar. See judge’s opinion. CLASSIFIED INFORMATION!!!
Praying for Ryan Newman, a great and brave @NASCAR driver! #PrayingForRyan
This will be a Big Day for Social Media and FAIRNESS!
News Conference at 5:30 P.M. Enjoy!
My team and I are closely monitoring extremely dangerous Hurricane Sally. We are fully engaged with State & Local Leaders to assist the great people of Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi. Be ready and listen to State and Local Leaders! @GovernorKayIvey @LouisianaGov @TateReeves
Because of MAIL-IN BALLOTS, 2020 will be the most RIGGED Election in our nations history - unless this stupidity is ended. We voted during World War One & World War Two with no problem, but now they are using Covid in order to cheat by using Mail-Ins!
We are adve....Also, according to the Daily Caller, leading Sleepy Joe Biden in Florida, 48% to 42%.
“I often get asked the question, well, isn’t the President going to be stronger and harder to beat if he survives this? The answer is yes, but, the Congress has no choice, it has a Constitutional responsibility.” Joe Biden, pres. candidate. Even Joe agrees with us! @foxandfriends
All over the World the CoronaVirus, a very bad “gift” from China, marches on. Not good!
Thank you to our GREAT Republican Congressmen & Congresswomen on your incredibly impoThe Impeachment Hoax is interfering with the 2020 Election - But that was the idea behind the Radical Left, Do Nothing Dems Scam attack. They always knew I did nothing wrong!
Bob Woodward’s badly written book is very boring & totally “obsolete”. Didn’t even talk about the recent Middle East deal. Just another tired, washed up Trump Hater, who can’t stand that I have done so much, so quickly! #MAGA
Democrats only want BAILOUT MONEY for Blue States that are doing badly. They don’t care about the people, never did!
Twitter makes sure that Trending on Twitter is anything bad, Fake or not, about President Donald Trump. So obvious what they are doing. Being studied now!
I am SUBSTANTIALLY LOWERING MEDICARE PREMIUMS. Have instituted Favored Nations Clause and Rebates on Drug Companies. Never been done before. Drug companies are hitting me with Fake Ads, just like sleepy Joe. Be careful! Drug prices will be reduced massively, and soon.
So ridiculous to see Twitter trying to make the case that Mail-In Ballots are not subject to FRAUD. How stupid, there are examples, & cases, all over the place. Our election process will become badly tainted & a laughingstock all over the World. Tell that to your hater @yoyoel
If people can go out and protest, riot, break into stores, and create all soMy interview yesterday with @IngrahamAngle Wow, Approval Rating in the Republican PaGreat credit being given for our Coronavirus response, except in the Fake News. They are a disgrace to America!
.....would order a new trial, I’m not so sure about Judge Jackson, I don’t know.” @Judgenap (Andrew Napolitano) @foxandfriends
Will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews!
.....existence of these tweets in which you were so harshly negative about the President & the people who suppo“Judge Jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous & self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury, whose also a lawyer, by the way. ‘Madam foreperson, your a lawyer, you have a duty, an affirmative obligation, to reveal to us when we selected you the.....
On Air Force One heading to Wisconsin. Biden refused to go there to apologize for not showing up for the failed Democrat Convention. So funny to watch the Fake News fawning over Sleepy Joe’s ridiculous “car press conference”. Pathetic!
HAPPY GOOD FRIDAY TO ALL!
....BUT MAYBE I STILL WILL. WITCH HUNT!
....badly tainted and, in my opinion, should be thrown out. Even Mueller’s statement to Congress that he did not see me to become the FBI Director (again), has been proven false. The whole deal was a total SCAM. If I wasn’t President, I’d be suing everyone all over the place...
Dems are trying to steal the Mike Garcia Congressional Race in California. Republicans, get out and VOTE for your terrific candidate, ASAP!
Congressman Tom Cole is doing an incredible job for the people of Oklahoma! He delivers for our Military, Vets, and Brave Law Enforcement, and he will always stand for Life and the Second Amendment! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #OK04
The White House Press Conference will take place today at 1:00 P.M., recognizing that it is Good Friday!
These were Mueller prosecutors, and the whole Mueller investigation was illegally set up based on a phony and now fully discredited Fake Dossier, lying and forging documents to the FISA Cou...It cannot overcome the dedication of our doctors, nurses, and scientists — and it cannot beat the LOVE, PATRIOTISM, and DETERMINATION of our citizens. Strong and United, WE WILL PREVAIL!
Very exciting news for the Phoenix area—@USDOT is committing $100M to @valleymetro for a 5.5-mile light rail system with 9 new stations connecting underserved areas to churches, emergency services, and more!
.@USDOT is committing $21.8M for the FIRST transit project of this kind in the Tampa Bay region. It will connect St. Petersburg to popular beaches through state-of-the-aCoronavirus numbers are looking MUCH better, going down almost everywhere. Big progress being made!
Because the T.V. Ratings for the White House News Conference’s are the highest, the Opposition PaMore than anything else, the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, like AOC, Omar, Cryin’ Chuck, Nervous Nancy & Shifty Schiff, are angry & “deranged” over the fact that Republicans are up to 191 Federal Judges & Two Great New Supreme CouI want all Americans to understand: we are at war with an invisible enemy, but that enemy is no match for the spirit and resolve of the American people...
Big announcement for the State of Indiana! $77.5M committed in @USDOT funds for a “game-changing” transit project to provide fast and frequent service to the people of Indianapolis and Lawrence.
I’m excited to commit $100M to @MiamiDadeCounty, FL in @USDOT funding to connect fast-growing communities through state-of-the-aThe Crooked DNC is working oveOBAMAGATE makes Watergate look small time!
An amazing guy. Burgess is what we need in Washington, tough and smaBIG NEWS! The @Smithsonian American History Museum reopened today in our Nation’s Capital! Go visit @amhistorymuseum and learn about our GREAT Country’s history!
The Invisible Enemy will soon be in full retreat!
Today I spoke with American physicians and nurses to thank them for their tireless work. Doctors and nurses are at the front lines of this war and are true American HEROES! With their help, America will WIN.
The great people of Pennsylvania want their freedom now, and they are fully aware of what that entails. The Democrats are moving slowly, all over the USA, for political purposes. They would wait until November 3rd if it were up to them. Don’t play politics. Be safe, move quickly!
I am proud to commit $60.9M in @USDOT funding to provide a BRAND NEW bus system for a very busy and popular transit corridor in the Albany, NY area—more help coming to the people of New York! @CDTA
Indiana is set to receive $100M in @USDOT transit funds for the @southshoreline to connect people to jobs around the State and the Chicago-area and help cut down on traffic. @GovHolcomb has worked very hard on this project!
....THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
....I have seen some of the regulations being circulated, including those being contemplated by Congress, and they are ridiculous. I want to make it EASY to do business with the United States, not difficult. Everyone in my Administration is being so instructed, with no excuses...
Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York wants to put New York at the END of the Vaccine List in that he doesn’t trust the @FDA or Federal Government, even though the Vaccines are being developed by the finest Labs in the World. Wish he trusted us on Nursing Homes!
....product and goods to China and other countries. That’s what trade is all about. We don’t want to make it impossible to do business with us. That will only mean that orders will go to someplace else. As an example, I want China to buy our jet engines, the best in the World....
The United States cannot, & will not, become such a difficult place to deal with in terms of foreign countries buying our product, including for the always used National Security excuse, that our companies will be forced to leave in order to remain competitive. We want to sell...
Ogden, Utah, I am committing $64.5M to build bus service between Weber State University and McKay-Dee Hospital—very impo.@USDOT is committing $99.95M to @PGHtransit in Pennsylvania to connect Pittsburghers to their two largest commercial employment centers through safe, quick transit service. Great things coming to a great State!
.@WashTimes “FBI Went Rogue In Pursuit Of Trump”
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
I only signed the Defense Production Act to combat the Chinese Virus should we need to invoke it in a worst case scenario in the future. Hopefully there will be no need, but we are all in this TOGETHER!
....THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
I’m proud to commit $40.9M in @USDOT funding to Milwaukee’s East-West Bus Rapid Transit project. Bringing modern transit to the region’s most critical corridor and spur millions in economic development. Love Wisconsin! @RideMCTS
....I have seen some of the regulations being circulated, including those being contemplated by Congress, and they are ridiculous. I want to make it EASY to do business with the United States, not difficult. Everyone in my Administration is being so instructed, with no excuses...
“Judge Jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous & self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury, whose also a lawyer, by the way. ‘Madam foreperson, you’re a lawyer, you have a duty, an affirmative obligation, to reveal to us when we selected you the....
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
....THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
....I have seen some of the regulations being circulated, including those being contemplated by Congress, and they are ridiculous. I want to make it EASY to do business with the United States, not difficult. Everyone in my Administration is being so instructed, with no excuses...
....product and goods to China and other countries. That’s what trade is all about. We don’t want to make it impossible to do business with us. That will only mean that orders will go to someplace else. As an example, I want China to buy our jet engines, the best in the World....
We are going to WIN, sooner rather than later!
The United States cannot, & will not, become such a difficult place to deal with in terms of foreign countries buying our product, including for the always used National Security excuse, that our companies will be forced to leave in order to remain competitive. We want to sell...
...China as a “positive development” for America and the world. If it were up to Joe, bin Laden and Soleimani would still be alive, ISIS would be still on the rampage, and China would now be the dominant power in the world – not America.
.....existence of these tweets in which you were so harshly negative about the President & the people who suppo.@Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg is today criticizing Twitter. “We have a different policy than Twitter on this. I believe strongly that Facebook shouldn’t be the arbiter of truth of everything that people say online.” Did Twitter criticize Obama for his “you can keep your Dr.”?
.....would order a new trial, I’m not so sure about Judge Jackson, I don’t know.” @Judgenap (Andrew Napolitano) @foxandfriends
Pelosi wants to take 30 Billion Dollars away from our great Farmers. Can’t let that happen!
“Trump did a deal with Japan. A lot of our product goes to Japan, and we are booming in NoWhy was @BarackObama selling guns to Mexican drug dealers?
Mini Mike Bloomberg, after making a total fool of himself as he got badly beaten up by Pocahontas and the Democrats in the Primaries, is at it again. He tried to buy an Election and went away with a major case of Depression. Now he’s throwing money at the Dems, looking for a job!
“Judge Jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous & self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury, whose also a lawyer, by the way. ‘Madam foreperson, you’re a lawyer, you have a duty, an affirmative obligation, to reveal to us when we selected you the....
I can’t stand back & watch this happen to a great American City, Minneapolis. A total lack of leadership. Either the very weak Radical Left Mayor, Jacob Frey, get his act together and bring the City under control, or I will send in the National Guard & get the job done right.....
....economy was shuttered. This is unprecedented, it is unsettling and challenging but, we will rise to meet the occasion.” MACK MCLA“I think the situation is unprecedented, and there is no question about that. It’s whiplash! The economy was moving forward at a rapid pace in terms of growth, jobs and even wage increases, and all of a sudden the pandemic hit and the....
Congressman Jeff FoCongressman @DonJBacon is doing a tremendous job for Nebraska! He served our Country as an Air Force General, and now he serves our Vets, Farmers, and Small Businesses. Strongly suppoBiden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu. It was the Gang That Couldn’t Shoot Straight”. He didn’t have a clue. We have done an incredible job with the much tougher China Virus!
Twitter is doing nothing about all of the lies & propaganda being put out by China or the Radical Left Democrat PaThe Obama Administration was not out to get the facts, they were out to “get Trump”. Ken Starr...And got caught red handed - All of them. “Trump was right”, they said!
When the Failing @nytimes or Amazon @washingtonpost writes a story saying “unnamed sources said”, or any such phrase where a person’s name is not used, don’t believe them. Most of these unnamed sources don’t exist. They are made up to defame & disparage. They have no “source”...
The China Trade Deal is fully intact. Hopefully they will continue to live up to the terms of the Agreement!
.@FoxNews is not watchable during weekend afternoons. It is worse than Fake News @CNN. I strongly suggest turning your dial to @OANN. They do a really “Fair & Balanced” job!
On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, The @FLOTUS and I honor the men & women of our Armed Forces who have selflessly served our Country & made tremendous sacrifices to defend our libe....Does anyone ever notice how few quotes from an actual person are given nowadays by the Lamestream Media. Very seldom. The unnamed or anonymous sources are almost always FAKE NEWS.
“Regulate Twitter if they are going to staHappy BiWE WILL BUILD IT AGAIN!
THANK YOU to our Police Officers, Fire Fighters, and EMS who help us defeat the Virus every day. Our proud nation is grateful for the unwavering dedication and sacrifice of our First Responders and their families. TOGETHER we will beat this!
Voting staBased on the strong recommendation of @SenDanSullivan and @repdonyoung of the Great State of Alaska, it is my honor to inform you that I will be issuing a Presidential Permit for the A2A Cross-Border Rail between Alaska & Canada. Congratulations to the people of Alaska & Canada!
CHINA!
Wishing all a safe and blessed Easter Sunday. I will be tuning into Pastor @robe.....Mini is illegally buying the Democrat Nomination. They are taking it away from Bernie again. Mini Mike, Major Pa“If carefully done, according to the guidelines, there is no reason why you shouldn’t be able to do that (vote at polling place).” Doctor Anthony Fauci
Numerous people arrested in D.C. for the disgraceful vandalism, in Lafayette Park, of the magnificent Statue of Andrew Jackson, in addition to the exterior defacing of St. John’s Church across the street. 10 years in prison under the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act. Beware!
The National Guard has been activated In Minneapolis. They have arrived on the seen. George Floyd will not have died in vain. Respect his memory!!!
The National Guard has arrived on the scene. They are in Minneapolis and fully prepared. George Floyd will not have died in vain. Respect his memory!!!
A really big show tonight by @seanhannity 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews Heavy emphasis on the Impeachment Hoax. The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats have gone crazy. They know it’s a con, but just can’t sell it! Public strongly against Impeachment.
Watching @FoxNews on weekend afternoons is a total waste of time. We now have some great alternatives, like @OANN.
REVOKE 230!
So now the Fake News @nytimes is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe, NOT China. This is a first! I wonder what the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs, and obviously want back in. Sad!
....It was spoken as a fact, not as a statement. It’s very simple, nobody should have any problem with this other than the haters, and those looking to cause trouble on social media. Honor the memory of George Floyd!
Looting leads to shooting, and that’s why a man was shot and killed in Minneapolis on Wednesday night - or look at what just happened in Louisville with 7 people shot. I don’t want this to happen, and that’s what the expression put out last night means....
Mini Mike. No, I would rather run against you!
Congressman @PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of NoI hope the Federal Judges Association will discuss the tremendous FISA CouSo now the Fake News @nytimes is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe, NOT China. This is a first! I wonder where the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs, and obviously want back in. Sad!
Washed up Creepster John Bolton is a lowlife who should be in jail, money seized, for disseminating, for profit, highly Classified information. Remember what they did to the young submarine sailor, but did nothing to Crooked Hillary. I ended up pardoning him - It wasn’t fair!
.....This action is taken effective immediately, but may also be used retroactively for destruction or vandalism already caused. There will be no exceptions!
So now the Fake News @nytimes is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe, NOT China. This is a first! I wonder what the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs, and obviously want back in. Sad!
....In a ceCases, Cases, Cases! If we didn’t test so much and so successfully, we would have very few cases. If you test 40,000,000 people, you are going to have many cases that, without the testing (like other countries), would not show up every night on the Fake Evening News.....
Cases are going up in the U.S. because we are testing far more than any other country, and ever expanding. With smaller testing we would show fewer cases!
Jason Lewis (@LewisForMN) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes, Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…
...Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue, just look at what his own people said about his handling of the Swine Flu. It was a disaster!
Sleepy Joe Biden just said that he wished I closed up one week earlier — but when I banned China from coming in, it took him TWO MONTHS to finally realize that was a good thing...
Check out @seanhannity now on @FoxNews. Big tonight!
Mail in ballots substantially increases the risk of crime and VOTER FRAUD!
....Dr. Anthony Fauci, who is with us in all ways, a very high 72% Approval Rating. So, if he is in charge along with V.P. etc., and with us doing all of these really good things, why doesn’t the Lamestream Media treat us as they should? Answer: Because they are Fake News!
We did a great job on CoronaVirus, including the very early ban on China, Ventilator production, and Testing, which is by far the most, and best, in the World. We saved millions of U.S. lives.! Yet the Fake News refuses to acknowledge this in a positive way. But they do give....
Hogan Gidley will be leaving the White House on July 1 and heading over to my campaign to be the National Press Secretary. He is a strong, loyal and trusted member of the team that I know will do an outstanding job! We must WIN this election! Follow him at @JHoganGidley.
LAW & ORDER!!!
Cases up only because of our big number testing. MoJoe Biden says this is a race between Scranton and Park Avenue. This is a race between Scranton and China. Joe Biden betrayed Scranton, and America, to China and foreign countries. I will always put America First!
....won’t convict and remove the President - Then the House should not be Impeaching the President in the first place. If this is the new standard, every President from here on out is impeachable.” Andy McCaIn the end here, nothing happened. We don’t approach anything like the egregious conduct that should be necessary before a President should be removed from office. I believe that a President can’t be removed from office if there is no reasonable possibility that the Senate..
“The evidence has to be overwhelming, and it is not. It’s not even close.” Ken Starr, Former Independent Counsel
“Impeachment is a terrible idea for the Country. The more people learn about impeachment, the less people want impeachment.” @TuckerCarlson
“This is all about convicting a President based on innuendo, not on the facts. Even the Ukrainian President said there was no pressure!” @RepMarkMeadows
....out, and he’s been amazing at it. The Democrsts have no message, they have no hope for 2020.” @RepDougCollins @foxandfriends Thank you Doug!
....had, while the Democrats are just looking out for elections. This President should just continue to fight like he’s always fought, for himself &amp, for this Country. Continue to put fo....said, “I’m going to clean up Washington, I’m going to help people.” He gave big tax cuts, he’s made our military strong. They’re mad at him because he actually did what he said he was going to do. History will record we’re experiencing some of the best times we’ve ever.....
“It’s sad. Here’s a gentleman who came to the White House and all they had was never to let him have an easy breath. All they wanted to do is impeach him. They sta“They just wanted to get at the President. They had no intention of having a proper investigation. They couldn’t find any crimes so they did a vague abuse of power and abuse of Congress, which every administration from the beginning has done.” @RepDougCollins @foxandfriends
Can you believe that I will be impeached today by the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, AND I DID NOTHING WRONG! A terrible Thing. Read the Transcripts. This should never happen to another President again. Say a PRAYER!
.@foxandfriends “My hope is that impeachment will never become this trivial again.” @kilmeade Well said Brian!
.@marcthiessen “Voters say the Democrats are trying to take away their votes. Pelosi was right the first time. Impeachment has backfired thoroughly on the Democrats. How can you Impeach the President for going to the cou....They want to Impeach me (I’m not worried!), and yet they were all breaking the law in so many ways. How can they do that and yet impeach a very successful (Economy Plus) President of the United States, who has done nothing wrong? These people are Crazy!
So, if Comey &amp, the top people in the FBI were diGood marks and reviews on the letter I sent to Pelosi today. She is the worst! No wonder with people like her and Cryin’ Chuck Schumer, D.C. has been such a mess for so long - and that includes the previous administration who (and now we know for sure) SPIED on my campaign.
Democrat “leadership,” despite their denials, are putting tremendous pressure on their members to vote yes on this ridiculous Impeachment. If they vote yes, it will be much easier for Republicans to win in 2020!
Congresswoman Kay @GrangerCampaign has worked hard for Texas and been a strong suppoWe suppo....chance, they’ve had their kangaroo couSenator Josh Hawley (R-Mo) “They (the Dems) don’t have anything. This whole thing is a joke, and it’s time to get the President exonerated. The House has no evidence of any impeachable offense. There’s nothing there, and they didn’t even charge a crime. They’ve had their.....
....good practice.” As you saw last night, they were very cool & very professional. Never let it get out of hand. Thank you! On the bad side, the D.C. Mayor, @MurielBowser, who is always looking for money & help, wouldn’t let the D.C. Police get involved. “Not their job.” Nice!
....have been greeted with the most vicious dogs, and most ominous weapons, I have ever seen. That’s when people would have been really badly hu...Biden is a corrupt globalist sellout who never missed a chance to stab American workers in the back. If Biden wins, China wins – it’s just that simple!
Joe Biden delivered remarks to union members after spending 47 years giving their jobs to China and foreign countries in exchange for campaign cash...
Today, it was my great honor to nominate one of our nation’s most brilliant and gifted legal minds to the Supreme CouGreat job last night at the White House by the U.S. @SecretService. They were not only totally professional, but very cool. I was inside, watched every move, and couldn’t have felt more safe. They let the “protesters” scream & rant as much as they wanted, but whenever someone....
...Obama killed the pharmaceutical manufacturing business in PueToday, I announced two of the LARGEST grants in history to PueWould be sooo great if the Fed would fuThe new USA Today Poll, just out, has me leading all of the Democrat contenders. That’s hard to believe since the Fake News &amp, 3 year Scams and Witch Hunts, as phony as they are, just never seem to end. The American people are smaImpeachment Poll numbers are sta.@FoxNews “Trump wins major victories in China and USMCA trade deals, defense spending and Space Force.” Thank you!
The Stock Market hit another Record High yesterday, number 133 in less than three years as your all time favorite President, and the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, want to impeach me. Don’t worry, I have done nothing wrong. Actually, they have!
New Stock Market high! I will never get bored of telling you that – and we will never get tired of winning!
....got too frisky or out of line, they would quickly come down on them, hard - didn’t know what hit them. The front line was replaced with fresh agents, like magic. Big crowd, professionally organized, but nobody came close to breaching the fence. If they had they would....
....intimidated by this national left wing media, that reduces most politicians and most public figures to whining, crying, puddles of cowardice - it is really something to have a man in the White House who has a courageous heaThe Great @LouDobbs: “People know, after 3 years of this President, the most historic President in our Country’s history, that there is no one who can touch what he’s done in 3 years, foreign policy, domestic policy, you name it, it’s amazing. Just to have the guts not to be.....
They professionally managed so-called “protesters” at the White House had little to do with the memory of George Floyd. They were just their to cause trouble. The @SecretService handled them easily. Tonight, I understand, is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE???
“I like President Trump’s Tweets (Social Media), I like everything about him...and this Ukraine stuff, the trial, the impeachment, this isn’t t about Ukraine. Donald Trump has committed the two unpardonable sins in the eyes of the Democrats. He beat Hillary Clinton in 2016, and..
....secondly, he is fulfilling every promise he made, and that is making his opponents apoplectic. They’re trying to get him out of office, and they’re not going to succeed.” Pastor RobeThey professionally managed so-called “protesters” at the White House had little to do with the memory of George Floyd. They were just there to cause trouble. The @SecretService handled them easily. Tonight, I understand, is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE???
The professionally managed so-called “protesters” at the White House had little to do with the memory of George Floyd. They were just there to cause trouble. The @SecretService handled them easily. Tonight, I understand, is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE???
These are “Organized Groups” that have nothing to do with George Floyd. Sad!
I am watching the New York mayoral race very closely...
Mayor Jacob Frey of Minneapolis will never be mistaken for the late, great General Douglas McATomorrow @SenatoA very good sign is that empty hospital beds are becoming more and more prevalent. We deployed 418 Doctors, Nurses and Respiratory Therapists from the hospital ship ComfoBig 4th of July Air Show soon coming down the East Coast. Get ready to look up to the sky. Check local listings!
Is corrupt Bloomberg News going to say what a pathetic debater Mini Mike is, that he doesn’t respect our great farmers, or that he has violated campaign finance laws at the highest and most sinister level with “payoffs” all over the place?
Will be speaking at 7:00 P.M. Thank you for all of the nice comments on the Mount Rushmore speech last night!!!
Any fair minded person watching the Senate trial today would be able to see how unfairly I have been treated and that this is indeed the totally paIt is ashame that Congress doesn’t do something about the lowlifes that burn the American Flag. It should be stopped, and now!
It’s ANTIFA and the Radical Left. Don’t lay the blame on others!
Great businessman & philanthropist Bernies Marcus, Co-Founder of Home Depot, said that Congress was too distracted by the (phony) Impeachment Witch Hunt when they should have been investigating CoronaVirus when it first appeared in China. Media played a big roll also!@dcexaminer
When will they open a Cold Case on the Psycho Joe Scarborough matter in Florida. Did he get away with murder? Some people think so. Why did he leave Congress so quietly and quickly? Isn’t it obvious? What’s happening now? A total nut job!
Here we go again. Fake News @CNN is blaming RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA. They are sick losers with VERY bad ratings! P.S. Can’t blame China because they need the cash?
I will be strongly demanding a Drug Test of Sleepy Joe Biden prior to, or after, the Debate on Tuesday night. Naturally, I will agree to take one also. His Debate performances have been record setting UNEVEN, to put it mildly. Only drugs could have caused this discrepancy???
Highest Stock Market In History, By Far!
Great businessman & philanthropist Bernie Marcus, Co-Founder of Home Depot, said that Congress was too distracted by the (phony) Impeachment Witch Hunt when they should have been investigating CoronaVirus when it first appeared in China. Media played a big roll also!@dcexaminer
Hanoi Dick, who lied for years by saying he was a war hero in Vietnam, and was never even there (Impeach him!), should not be entitled to a vote on anything of impoWill be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Remember, get out and Vote for Mike Garcia in CA25. A really big deal for our Country!
The Wall Street Journal Editorial Board doesn’t have a clue on how to fight and win. Their views on Tariffs & Trade are losers for the U.S., but winners for other countries, including China. If we followed their standards, we’d have no Country left. They should love Sleepy Joe!
Some states use “drop boxes” for the collection of Universal Mail-In Ballots. So who is going to “collect” the Ballots, and what might be done to them prior to tabulation? A Rigged Election? So bad for our Country. Only Absentee Ballots acceptable!
Crossing State lines to incite violence is a FEDERAL CRIME! Liberal Governors and Mayors must get MUCH tougher or the Federal Government will step in and do what has to be done, and that includes using the unlimited power of our Military and many arrests. Thank you!
On this wonderful day, we celebrate our history, our heroes, our heritage, our flag, and our FREEDOM. Happy FouI will be doing a major Fake @NBCNews Town Hall Forum, live tonight from Miami, at 8:00 P.M. They asked me to do it in place of the Rigged Steve Scully (he is now suspended from @cspan for lying) Debate. I wonder if they’ll treat me as well as Sleepy Joe? They should!
The U.S. Post Office (System) has been failing for many decades. We simply want to MAKE THE POST OFFICE GREAT AGAIN, while at the same time saving billions of dollars a year for American Taxpayers. Dems don’t have a clue! @USPostOffice911
It was great to be back in NoI was right again! Steve Scully just admitted he was lying about his Twitter being hacked. The Debate was Rigged! He was suspended from @cspan indefinitely. The Trump Campaign was not treated fairly by the “Commission”. Did I show good instincts in being the first to know?
Wow, nobody realized how far Mini Mike Bloomberg went in bribing ex-prisoners to go out and vote for Sleepy Joe. He is desperate to get back into the good graces of the people who not only badly beat him, but made him look like a total fool. Now he’s committed a serious crime!
What’s with @CNN POLLS increasing me by 10 points in a shoGetting ready to land in Minneapolis. Our great National Guard saved the city from fuWow. @CNN got caught cold manipulating the words and meaning of my 4th of July Speech. They were brazen, desperate. Watch what happens!
Is James Comey and his band of DiPoVIRGINIA, and everywhere else for that matter, I am the only thing standing between you and your 2nd Amendment. If I am re-elected, it is 100% SAFE. If not, it is GONE!
For the first time in history there is a fully signed Presidential Disaster Declaration for all 50 States. We are winning, and will win, the war on the Invisible Enemy!
Just approved (and fast) the FULL Emergency Declaration for the Great State of Iowa. They got hit hard by record setting winds. Thank you to @SenJoniErnst, @ChuckGrassley, and Governor Kim Reynolds.
LAW & ORDER!
80% of the RIOTERS in Minneapolis last night were from OUT OF STATE. They are harming businesses (especially African American small businesses), homes, and the community of good, hardworking Minneapolis residents who want peace, equality, and to provide for their families.
...And 96% in the Republican PaObamacare will be replaced with a MUCH better, and FAR cheaper, alternative if it is terminated in the Supreme CouInternal REAL Polls show I am beating all of the Dem candidates. The Fake News Polls (here we go again, just like 2016) show losing or tied. Their polls will be proven corrupt on November 3rd, just like the Fake News is corrupt!
.@FoxNews gladly puts up the phony suppression polls as soon as they come out. We are leading in the REAL polls because people are sick & tired of watching the Democrat run cities, in all cases, falling apaThe big Oil Deal with OPEC Plus is done. This will save hundreds of thousands of energy jobs in the United States. I would like to thank and congratulate President Putin of Russia and King Salman of Saudi Arabia. I just spoke to them from the Oval Office. Great deal for all!
Just landed in Mankato, Minnesota!
Hopefully a great, successful and safe ROCKET LAUNCH. Lifting off soon!?!? @FoxNews @OANN
.@FoxNews weekend afternoons is the worst! Getting into @CNN and MSDNC territory. Watch @OANN & @newsmax instead. Much better!
Rod Blagojevich did not sell the Senate seat. He served 8 years in prison, with many remaining. He paid a big price. Another Comey and gang deal! Thank you to @LisaMarieBoothe who really “gets” what’s going on! @FoxNews
Biden failed with China. They took us to the cleaners! I got $Billions out of China, and gave much of it to our targeted farmers!
Just watched Mike Wallace wannabe, Chris Wallace, on @FoxNews. I am now convinced that he is even worse than Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Meet the Press(please!), or the people over at Deface the Nation. What the hell is happening to @FoxNews. It’s a whole new ballgame over there!
LAW & ORDER!
Great division between the Bernie Sanders crowd and the other Radical Lefties. Our Country would be destroyed!
Pres. Obama destroyed the lobster and fishing industry in Maine. Now it’s back, bigger and better than anyone ever thought possible. Enjoy your “lobstering” and fishing! Make lots of money!
If the Fake News Opposition PaChicago and New York City crime numbers are way up. 67 people shot in Chicago, 13 killed. Shootings up significantly in NYC where people are demanding that @NYGovCuomo & @NYCMayor act now. Federal Government ready, willing and able to help, if asked!
Why is Congress scheduled to meet (on Post Office) next Monday, during the Republican Convention, rather than now, while the Dems are having their Convention. They are always playing games. GET TOUGH REPUBLICANS!!!
Asian Americans are VERY angry at what China has done to our Country, and the World. Chinese Americans are the most angry of all. I don’t blame them!
SAVE THE POST OFFICE!
The Opposition Pa....the good and the bad. It is impoVery sad to see States allowing roving gangs of wise guys, anarchists & looters, many of them having no idea what they are doing, indiscriminately ripping down our statues and monuments to the past. Some are great works of aGovernors, get your states testing programs & apparatus perfected. Be ready, big things are happening. No excuses! The Federal Government is there to help. We are testing more than any country in the World. Also, gear up with Face Masks!
96% APPROVAL RATING IN THE REPUBLICAN PAHeading to Arizona, big rally and big crowd! #MAGA #KAG2020
Democrats want to Defund & Abolish Police. This despite poor crime numbers in cities that they run. CRAZY!
It was my great honor to free up 5000 square miles of ocean off the coast of Maine. Enjoy!
....be put in use IMMEDIATELY. PEOPLE ARE DYING, MOVE FAST, and GOD BLESS EVERYONE! @US_FDA @SteveFDA @CDCgov @DHSgov
HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE & AZITHROMYCIN, taken together, have a real chance to be one of the biggest game changers in the history of medicine. The FDA has moved mountains - Thank You! Hopefully they will BOTH (H works better with A, International Journal of Antimicrobial Agents).....
Pelosi is holding up STIMULUS, not the Republicans!
Why would @FoxNews put on phony Congresswoman @RepDebDingell. A total waste of aiTRANSITION TO GREATNESS
New China Virus Cases up (because of massive testing), deaths are down, “low and steady”. The Fake News Media should repoWill be interviewed by Laura Ingraham (@IngrahamAngle) tonight at 10:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
White House News Conference at 12:30 P.M. Thank you!
“How Trump Is Making Black America Great Again, The Untold Story Of Black Advancement in the Era of Trump.” By Horace Cooper A great new book!
So interesting to see all of these people I beat so badly, pundits & consultants that never had a chance, telling me how to run for office. Many are Republicans who should LOVE our 280 new Judges, rebuilt Military, 2A, great V.A. Low Taxes, etc. Just don’t like that I beat them!
Let New York’s Finest be New York’s Finest. There is nobody better, but they must be allowed to do their job!
If you want your 401k’s and Stocks, which are getting close to an all time high (NASDAQ is already there), to disintegrate and disappear, vote for the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats and Corrupt Joe Biden. Massive Tax Hikes - They will make you very poor, FAST!
....for the wonderful job he has done, and we look forward to working with him closely, perhaps in another capacity within the Administration!
Getting ready to land in Macon, Georgia. Another giant crowd. See you soon!
The Ballots being returned to States cannot be accurately counted. Many things are already going very wrong!
Remember this, every Governor who has sky high approval on their handling of the Coronavirus, and I am happy for them all, could in no way have gotten those numbers, or had that success, without me and the Federal Governments help. From Ventilators to Testing, we made it happen!
I am pleased to announce that our highly respected Ambassador to Germany, @RichardGrenell, will become the Acting Director of National Intelligence. Rick has represented our Country exceedingly well and I look forward to working with him. I would like to thank Joe Maguire....
I will be interviewed on @IngrahamAngle tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
China has caused great damage to the United States and the rest of the World!
Has @BubbaWallace apologized to all of those great NASCAR drivers & officials who came to his aid, stood by his side, & were willing to sacrifice everything for him, only to find out that the whole thing was just another HOAX? That & Flag decision has caused lowest ratings EVER!
Looking forward to being in Allentown, Pennsylvania, on Thursday. I love the State, and for very good reason!
Wisconsin, please get out NOW and vote for Tom Tiffany for Congress. A great guy!
.....Also, if you look at the extraordinary assets owned by me, which the Fake News hasn’t, I am extremely under leveraged - I have very little debt compared to the value of assets. Much of this information is already on file, but I have long said that I may release....
Congratulations to our National Guard for the great job they did immediately upon arriving in Minneapolis, Minnesota, last night. The ANTIFA led anarchists, among others, were shut down quickly. Should have been done by Mayor on first night and there would have been no trouble!
A @FoxNews commentator just ripped me with lies, with nobody defending. They talked about the “friendly” protesters (they set the Church on fire the day before. They were anything but friendly), and how I stood and held the Bible upside down - it wasn’t upside down. @edhenry
“This is no longer about peaceful protesting, this is about angry, violent, criminal mobs taking over ceThe Fake News and phony Fake Suppression Polls have never been worse. The Lamestream Media has gone CRAZY!
Other Democrat run Cities and States should look at the total shutdown of Radical Left Anarchists in Minneapolis last night. The National Guard did a great job, and should be used in other States before it is too late!
California should let Tesla & @elonmusk open the plant, NOW. It can be done Fast & Safely!
Joe Biden just announced that he will not agree to a Drug Test. Gee, I wonder why?
NASDAQ HITS ALL TIME HIGH!
As long as other countries are receiving the benefits of Negative Rates, the USA should also accept the “GIFT”. Big numbers!
“What has happened to Roger Stone should never happen to anyone in our Country again.” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
The United States of America will be designating ANTIFA as a Terrorist Organization.
Failed presidential candidate (thank you President Trump!), Carly Fiorina, said she will be voting for Corrupt Joe Biden. She lost so badly to me, twice in one campaign, that she should be voting for Joe. No complaints!!!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LAW & ORDER!
The Lamestream Media is doing everything within their power to foment hatred and anarchy. As long as everybody understands what they are doing, that they are FAKE NEWS and truly bad people with a sick agenda, we can easily work through them to GREATNESS!
Now AP estimates that the real Cuomo number of people killed because of his total incompetence is 11,000, not the 6000 that was originally thought!
Mini Mike Bloomberg’s debate performance tonight was perhaps the worst in the history of debates, and there have been some really bad ones. He was stumbling, bumbling and grossly incompetent. If this doesn’t knock him out of the race, nothing will. Not so easy to do what I did!
...of 2,541 patients hospitalized between March 10 and May 2, 2020 across the system’s six hospitals, the study found 13% of those treated with hydroxychloroquine alone died compared to 26.4% not treated with hydroxychloroquine.” @HenryFordNews
“Treatment with hydroxychloroquine cut the death rate significantly in sick patients hospitalized with COVID-19 – and without heaThe “Trump Doctrine” earns President Trump a third Nobel Peace Prize Nomination! @LouDobbs
Black Lives Matter leader states, “If U.S. doesn’t give us what we want, then we will burn down this system and replace it”. This is Treason, Sedition, Insurrection!
Law & Order in Philadelphia, NOW! They are looting stores. Call in our great National Guard like they FINALLY did (thank you President Trump) last night in Minneapolis. Is this what voters want with Sleepy Joe? All Dems!
Big News: Tom Tiffany of the Great State of Wisconsin has just become Congressman Tom Tiffany. He will do a FANTASTIC job for the people of Wisconsin, and the United States. Congratulations!
SCHOOLS MUST OPEN IN THE FALL!!!
Get tough Democrat Mayors and Governors. These people are ANARCHISTS. Call in our National Guard NOW. The World is watching and laughing at you and Sleepy Joe. Is this what America wants? NO!!!
The Democrats would not have BANNED travel from heavily infected China, especially so early, therefore, far more people would have died. Corrupt Joe Biden now admits this!!!
Told that @NYCMayor Bill de Blasio wants to paint the fabled & beautiful Fifth Avenue, right in front of Trump Tower/Tiffany, with a big yellow Black Lives Matter sign. “Pigs in a Blanket, Fry ‘Em Like Bacon”, referring to killing Police, is their chant. NYC Police are furious!
LAW & ORDER!
BREAKING NEWS: The MoWill be interviewed by @marklevinshow on @FoxNews tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
....He tried mixing with the Agitators and Anarchists and they mocked him. He would like to blame me and the Federal Government for going in, but he hasn’t seen anything yet. We have only been there with a small group to defend our U.S. CouSAVE YOUR SECOND AMENDMENT, VOTE TRUMP!
Landing in Wisconsin. Launching big new ship contract!
Why does the a Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39%, and that we now have the lowest Fatality (MoI will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Why does the Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39%, and that we now have the lowest Fatality (MoWill be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy! @FoxNews
....at the judges that we have right now.
“You don’t come to couBig Congressional win in California for Mike Garcia, taking back a seat from the Democrats. This is the first time in many years that a California Dem seat has flipped back to a Republican. Also, Tom Tiffany beat his Democrat rival BIG in Wisconsin. Two great Congressional WINS!
Previous quote from the great Republican Senator, Jim Inhofe, of Oklahoma - Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee
The @nytimes story is a Fake, just like the “paper” itself. I was criticized for moving too fast when I issued the China Ban, long before most others wanted to do so. @SecAzar told me nothing until later, and @PeterNavarroUSA memo was same as Ban (see his statements). Fake News!
Ted Wheeler, the wacky Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Mayor of PoThe only way you will stop the violence in the high crime Democrat run cities is through strength!
Iranian Foreign Minister says Iran wants to negotiate with The United States, but wants sanctions removed. @FoxNews @OANN No Thanks!
I am working hard to expose the corruption and dishonesty in the Lamestream Media. That pa“Newly released documents show Schiff knew all along there was no proof of Russia-Trump collusion.” Wall Street Journal
The @nytimes story is a Fake, just like the “paper” itself. I was criticized for moving too fast when I issued the China Ban, long before most others wanted to do so. @SecAzar told me nothing until later, and Peter Navarro memo was same as Ban (see his statements). Fake News!
FAKE NEWS!
“President Trump champions American greatness in his Mount Rushmore speech.” @seanhannity @FoxNews
....My Administration and I built the greatest economy in history, of any country, turned it off, saved millions of lives, and now am building an even greater economy than it was before. Jobs are flowing, NASDAQ is already at a record high, the rest to follow. Sit back & watch!
Looking back into history, the response by the ObamaBiden team to the H1N1 Swine Flu was considered a weak and pathetic one. Check out the polling, it’s really bad. The big difference is that they got a free pass from the Corrupt Fake News Media!
Having been involved in the negotiations, to put it mildly, the number that OPEC+ is looking to cut is 20 Million Barrels a day, not the 10 Million that is generally being repo“I don’t see any indication that there were any white supremest groups mixing in. This is an ANTIFA Organization. It seems that the first time we saw it in a major way was Occupy Wall Street. It’s the same mindset.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends TRUE!
“They say Roger Stone lied to Congress.” @CNN OH, I see, but so did Comey (and he also leaked classified information, for which almost everyone, other than Crooked Hillary Clinton, goes to jail for a long time), and so did Andy McCabe, who also lied to the FBI! FAIRNESS?
The ObamaBiden Administration was the most corrupt in history, including the fact that they got caught SPYING ON MY CAMPAIGN, the biggest political scandal in the history of our Country. It’s called Treason, and more. Thanks for your very kind words Michelle!
....It is the decision of the President, and for many good reasons. With that being said, the Administration and I are working closely with the Governors, and this will continue. A decision by me, in conjunction with the Governors and input from others, will be made shoFor the purpose of creating conflict and confusion, some in the Fake News Media are saying that it is the Governors decision to open up the states, not that of the President of the United States & the Federal Government. Let it be fully understood that this is incorrect....
John Kerry and Senator Chris Murphy grossly violated the Logan Act with respect to Iran. If a Republican did what they did, there would be very serious ramifications!
“These were the people that trashed Seattle years ago. Who’s paying for these people. I was appalled that 13 of Joe Biden’s staff were donating money to bail people out in Minneapolis. They should have stayed in jail until this is over (and beyond).” @newtgingrich @foxandfriends
“COVID-19 (China Virus) Death Rate PLUNGES From Peak In U.S.” A Tenfold Decrease In MoMany thousands of people work for our government. With that said, a former DISGRUNTLED EMPLOYEE named Miles Taylor, who I do not know (never heard of him), said he left & is on the open arms Fake News circuit. Said to be a real “stiff”. They will take anyone against us!
White House news conference today at 5:00 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
“I don’t think there’s any chance whatsoever of Senator Sanders defeating President Trump.” Mini Mike Bloomberg. Mini, there’s even less chance, especially after watching your debate performance last night, of you winning the Democrat nomination...But I hope you do!
Sleep Joe Biden’s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail, and probably more. Joe doesn’t know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all, Plus!
“The decision not to prosecute Andy McCabe is utterly inexplicable.” @Judgenap @HARRISFAULKNER @FoxNews
When the so-called “rich guys” speak negatively about the market, you must always remember that some are betting big against it, and make a lot of money if it goes down. Then they go positive, get big publicity, and make it going up. They get you both ways. Barely legal?
MANY people in custody, with many others being sought for Vandalization of Federal PropeNOVEMBER 3RD.
“The real winner last night was Donald Trump.” Mini Mike Bloomberg. I agree!
My deepest sympathies go out to Frieda Chera and the family of the late, great, Stanley Chera, one of Manhattan’s most brilliant real estate minds. Stanley was charitable, kind, and a wonderful friend. He will be truly missed!
As I have said for a long time, dealing with China is a very expensive thing to do. We just made a great Trade Deal, the ink was barely dry, and the World was hit by the Plague from China. 100 Trade Deals wouldn’t make up the difference - and all those innocent lives lost!
Sleepy Joe Biden’s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail, and probably more. Joe doesn’t know anything about it, he is clueless, but they will be the real power, not Joe. They will be calling the shots! Big tax increases for all, Plus!
People forget how divided our Country was under ObamaBiden. The anger and hatred were unbelievable. They shouldn’t be lecturing to us. I’m here, as your President, because of them!
We will miss GREAT Country Rocker, Charlie Daniels, who passed away yesterday in Hermitage, Tennessee. My condolences to his wife Hazel, and their family. Charlie is in my thoughts and prayers. I love his music! #RIPCharlieDaniels
...I am doing what is necessary to keep our communities safe — and these people will be brought to Justice!
I was going to go to Bedminster, New Jersey, this weekend, but wanted to stay in Washington, D.C. to make sure LAW & ORDER is enforced. The arsonists, anarchists, looters, and agitators have been largely stopped...
Death Rate from Coronavirus is down tenfold!
In Germany, Denmark, Norway, Sweden and many other countries, SCHOOLS ARE OPEN WITH NO PROBLEMS. The Dems think it would be bad for them politically if U.S. schools open before the November Election, but is impoBig WIN in Texas on Mail-In Ballots!
Could somebody at @foxnews please explain to Trump hater A.B. Stoddard (zero talent!) and @TeamCavuto, that I won every one of my debates, from beginning to end. Check the polls taken immediately after the debates. The debates got me elected. Must be Fox Board Member Paul Ryan!
I disagree with @CDCgov on their very tough & expensive guidelines for opening schools. While they want them open, they are asking schools to do very impractical things. I will be meeting with them!!!
I just had the privilege of signing a very strong Executive Order protecting American Monuments, Memorials, and Statues - and combatting recent Criminal Violence. Long prison terms for these lawless acts against our Great Country!
Economy and Jobs are growing MUCH faster than anyone (except me!) expected. Job growth is biggest in history. China Virus MoGIANT RED WAVE COMING!
Why hasn't Obama created jobs?
....We will win the Election against Corrupt Joe Biden, Nancy Pelosi, and Schumer. We will save the Supreme CouDo not believe the Fake News Media. Oklahoma speech had the highest Saturday television ratings in @FoxNews history. @seanhannity dominated T.V. with my interview on Thursday night, more than @CNN & MSDNC COMBINED. These are the real polls, the Silent Majority, not FAKE POLLS!
I will be delivering brief remarks from the Rose Garden at 6:30 P.M. Eastern to update on the Federal Response.
OBAMAGATE!
THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER, JUST WATCH!!!
...Meanwhile, I gave America energy independence in fact, so much energy we could never use it all. The Bernie/Biden/AOC Green New Deal plan would take California’s failed policies to every American!
Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers & Security into Philadelpiha Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election.
I don’t know the so-called Whistleblower Rick Bright, never met him or even heard of him, but to me he is a disgruntled employee, not liked or respected by people I spoke to and who, with his attitude, should no longer be working for our government!
I’ve been getting really good polls, some over 50%, except for one Fake Poll done by @ABC NEWS, which gives NO INFORMATION about the sample, R or D, or anything else. They did this last Election, with one week to go, down 12 points, and I won. They are disgusting Fake News!
Thank you to our great US Ambassador to Germany, @RichardGrenell, for stepping in to serve as acting DNI. I will be nominating a terrific candidate for the job very soon. Stay tuned!
The United States has foolishly given Pakistan more than 33 billion dollars in aid over the last 15 years, and they have given us nothing but lies &amp, deceit, thinking of our leaders as fools. They give safe haven to the terrorists we hunt in Afghanistan, with little help. No more!
22-O in my endorsements of Congressional Candidates this season. California & Wisconsin won big on Tuesday. Thank you to all of those very brilliant Voters. You will not be disappointed!
Iran is failing at every level despite the terrible deal made with them by the Obama Administration. The great Iranian people have been repressed for many years. They are hungry for food &amp, for freedom. Along with human rights, the wealth of Iran is being looted. TIME FOR CHANGE!
The people of Iran are finally acting against the brutal and corrupt Iranian regime. All of the money that President Obama so foolishly gave them went into terrorism and into their “pockets.” The people have little food, big inflation and no human rights. The U.S. is watching!
Crooked Hillary Clinton’s top aid, Huma Abedin, has been accused of disregarding basic security protocols. She put Classified Passwords into the hands of foreign agents. Remember sailors pictures on submarine? Jail! Deep State Justice Dept must finally act? Also on Comey &amp, others
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for your kind words on how well we are doing at the Border. We will be bringing in more &amp, more of your great folks and will build the desperately needed WALL! @foxandfriends
In California, Democrats have intentionally implemented rolling blackouts — forcing Americans in the dark. Democrats are unable to keep up with energy demand...
Companies are giving big bonuses to their workers because of the Tax Cut Bill. Really great!
Wow. Won’t let Poll Watchers & Security into Philadelphia Voting Places. There is only one reason why. Corruption!!! Must have a fair Election.
The Democrats don’t want to approve more money for our great workers under the incredibly successful “Paycheck” plan. Replenish Account Now!
The Radical Left Mayors & Governors of Cities where this crazy violence is taking place have lost control of their “Movement”. It wasn’t supposed to be like this, but the Anarchists & Agitators got carried away and don’t listen anymore - even forced Slow Joe out of basement!
Good numbers coming out of States that are opening. America is getting its life back! Vaccine work is looking VERY promising, before end of year. Likewise, other solutions!
If I didn’t INSIST on having the National Guard activate and go into Kenosha, Wisconsin, there would be no Kenosha right now. Also, there would have been great death and injury. I want to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard. I will see you on Tuesday!
Just had a wonderful conversation with my friend, Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan, who will be leaving office soon. Shinzo will soon be recognized as the greatest Prime Minister in the history of Japan, whose relationship with the USA is the best it has ever been. Special man!
We will not rest until all of America’s GREAT VETERANS can receive the care they so richly deserve. Tremendous progress has been made in a shoCongratulations to Senator Orrin Hatch on an absolutely incredible career. He has been a tremendous suppoIt's not only Pakistan that we pay billions of dollars to for nothing, but also many other countries, and others. As an example, we pay the Palestinians HUNDRED OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS a year and get no appreciation or respect. They don’t even want to negotiate a long overdue...
...peace treaty with Israel. We have taken Jerusalem, the toughest paKimberly Klacik is really working hard to help the people of Baltimore. She is running for Congress as a Republican, & if she wins she will be an inspiration to all. She is strong on inner city rebuilding, healthcare, our Military & Vets. She has my Complete & Total Endorsement!
Just arrived in the Great State of Ohio. Real Polls have us leading by even more than 2016. With Biden being against Fracking (Energy & Jobs) & your Second Amendment, we should be in very good shape!
I will be announcing THE MOST DISHONEST &amp, CORRUPT MEDIA AWARDS OF THE YEAR on Monday at 5:00 o’clock. Subjects will cover Dishonesty &amp, Bad Repo“President Trump has something now he didn’t have a year ago, that is a set of accomplishments that nobody can deny. The accomplishments are there, look at his record, he has had a very significant first year.” @LouDobbs Show,David Asman &amp, Ed Rollins
Great Rally In Colorado. Thank you, will be back soon!
Cuomo’s been calling daily, even hourly, begging for everything, most of which should have been the state’s responsibility, such as new hospitals, beds, ventilators, etc. I got it all done for him, and everyone else, and now he seems to want Independence! That won’t happen!
..The people of Po.@Amazon, and others in that business, should be charged (by the U.S. Postal System) much more per package, and the Post Office would be immediately brought back to “good health”, now vibrant, with ALL jobs saved. No pass on to customers. Get it done!
Stock Market had another good day but, now that the Tax Cut Bill has passed, we have tremendous upward potential. Dow just shoMany mostly Democrat States refused to hand over data from the 2016 Election to the Commission On Voter Fraud. They fought hard that the Commission not see their records or methods because they know that many people are voting illegally. System is rigged, must go to Voter I.D.
Dow just crashes through 25,000. Congrats! Big cuts in unnecessary regulations continuing.
If I were a Senator or Congressman, the first person I would call to testify about the biggest political crime and scandal in the history of the USA, by FAR, is former President Obama. He knew EVERYTHING. Do it @LindseyGrahamSC, just do it. No more Mr. Nice Guy. No more talk!
“She should never have been on that jury. Everything about this stinks.” @JudgeJeanine @seanhannity @FoxNews
GET RID OF BALLOT HARVESTING, IT IS RAMPANT WITH FRAUD. THE USA MUST HAVE VOTER I.D., THE ONLY WAY TO GET AN HONEST COUNT!
Tell the Dems that we have more Cases because we do FAR more Testing than any other Country!
....Obamacare is a joke! Deductible is far too high and the overall cost is ridiculous. My Administration has gone out of its way to manage OC much better than previous, but it is still no good. I will ALWAYS PROTECT PEOPLE WITH PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS, ALWAYS, ALWAYS,ALWAYS!!!
Thank you to the great Republican Senators who showed up to our mtg on immigration reform. We must BUILD THE WALL, stop illegal immigration, end chain migration &amp, cancel the visa lottery. The current system is unsafe &amp, unfair to the great people of our country - time for change!
I authorized Zero access to White House (actually turned him down many times) for author of phony book! I never spoke to him for book. Full of lies, misrepresentations and sources that don’t exist. Look at this guy’s past and watch what happens to him and Sloppy Steve!
The Fake News Media barely mentions the fact that the Stock Market just hit another New Record and that business in the U.S. is booming...but the people know! Can you imagine if “O” was president and had these numbers - would be biggest story on eaDow goes from 18,589 on November 9, 2016, to 25,075 today, for a new all-time Record. Jumped 1000 points in last 5 weeks, Record fastest 1000 point move in history. This is all about the Make America Great Again agenda! Jobs, Jobs, Jobs. Six trillion dollars in value created!
Well, now that collusion with Russia is proving to be a total hoax and the only collusion is with Hillary Clinton and the FBI/Russia, the Fake News Media (Mainstream) and this phony new book are hitting out at every new front imaginable. They should try winning an election. Sad!
The African American unemployment rate fell to 6.8%, the lowest rate in 45 years. I am so happy about this News! And, in the Washington Post (of all places), headline states, “Trumps first year jobs numbers were very, very good.”
Brian Ross, the repoTell the Democrat Governors that “Mutiny On The Bounty” was one of my all time favorite movies. A good old fashioned mutiny every now and then is an exciting and invigorating thing to watch, especially when the mutineers need so much from the Captain. Too easy!
Joe Biden is coming out of the basement earlier than his hoped for ten days because his people told him he has no choice, his poll numbers are PLUNGING! Going to Pittsburgh, where I have helped industry to a record last year, & then back to his basement for an extended period...
Now that Russian collusion, after one year of intense study, has proven to be a total hoax on the American public, the Democrats and their lapdogs, the Fake News Mainstream Media, are taking out the old Ronald Reagan playbook and screaming mental stability and intelligence.....
Leaving Camp David for the White House. Great meetings with the Cabinet and Military on many very impoI’ve had to put up with the Fake News from the first day I announced that I would be running for President. Now I have to put up with a Fake Book, written by a totally discredited author. Ronald Reagan had the same problem and handled it well. So will I!
Jake Tapper of Fake News CNN just got destroyed in his interview with Stephen Miller of the Trump Administration. Watch the hatred and unfairness of this CNN flunky!
The Fake News Awards, those going to the most corrupt &amp, biased of the Mainstream Media, will be presented to the losers on Wednesday, January 17th, rather than this coming Monday. The interest in, and impoThe Stock Market has been creating tremendous benefits for our country in the form of not only Record Setting Stock Prices, but present and future Jobs, Jobs, Jobs. Seven TRILLION dollars of value created since our big election win!
“His is turning out to be an enormously consequential presidency. So much so that, despite my own frustration over his missteps, there has never been a day when I wished Hillary Clinton were president. Not one. Indeed, as Trump’s accomplishments accumulate, the mere thought of...
....His problem is interesting. He must always be weak on CRIME because of the Bernie Sanders Radical Left voter. If he loses them, like Crooked Hillary did, he is “toast”, and many will vote for me because of TRADE (Bernie was good on trade). Joe MUST always be weak on crime!
The Impeachment Hoax is a massive election interference the likes of which has never been seen before. In just two hours the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats have seen their phony case absolutely shredded. Shifty is now exposed for illegally making up my phone call, & more!
African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in our country. The Hispanic unemployment rate dropped a full point in the last year and is close to the lowest in recorded history. Dems did nothing for you but get your vote! #NeverForget @foxandfriends
White House news conference today at 5:45 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
Shifty Adam Schiff is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN, and probably a very sick man. He has not paid the price, yet, for what he has done to our Country!
For the 1/100th time, the reason we show so many Cases, compared to other countries that haven’t done nearly as well as we have, is that our TESTING is much bigger and better. We have tested 40,000,000 people. If we did 20,000,000 instead, Cases would be half, etc. NOT REPOOn behalf of the American people, THANK YOU to our incredible law enforcement officers. As President of the United States - I will fight for you, and I will never, ever let you down. Now, more than ever, we must suppoWhen is Slow Joe Biden going to criticize the Anarchists, Thugs & Agitators in ANTIFA? When is he going to suggest bringing up the National Guard in BADLY RUN & Crime Infested Democrat Cities & States? Remember, he can’t lose the Crazy Bernie Super Liberal vote!
It was my great honor to sign H.R. 267, the “MaIF OUR FORMALLY TARGETED FARMERS NEED ADDITIONAL AID UNTIL SUCH TIME AS THE TRADE DEALS WITH CHINA, MEXICO, CANADA AND OTHERS FULLY KICK IN, THAT AID WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT, PAID FOR OUT OF THE MASSIVE TARIFF MONEY COMING INTO THE USA!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
People are tired of watching the highly political @NBA. Basketball ratings are WAY down, and they won’t be coming back. I hope football and baseball are watching and learning because the same thing will be happening to them. Stand tall for our Country and our Flag!!!
Corrupt Joe Biden said yesterday that we have over “120 million” people dead of Coronavirus!
Another misinformation campaign is being launched by Democrats in Congress saying that Russia prefers me to any of the Do Nothing Democrat candidates who still have been unable to, after two weeks, count their votes in Iowa. Hoax number 7!
PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT!
Amazing analysis &amp, repo"....If however, the city or state in question is willing to acknowledge responsibility, and politely asks for help from the Federal Government, we will very seriously consider getting involved in order to make those poorly run Democrat Cities Great Again!
IRAN WILL NEVER HAVE A NUCLEAR WEAPON!
Congress &amp, the President should not be wasting their time and energy on a continuation of the totally paThe Impeachment Hoax, just a continuation of the Witch Hunt which sta“The reason they are not sending the AThese Media Posts will serve as notification to the United States Congress that should Iran strike any U.S. person or target, the United States will quickly &amp, fully strike back, &amp, perhaps in a dispropoThe United States just spent Two Trillion Dollars on Military Equipment. We are the biggest and by far the BEST in the World! If Iran attacks an American Base, or any American, we will be sending some of that brand new beautiful equipment their way...and without hesitation!
....hundreds of Iranian protesters. He was already attacking our Embassy, and preparing for additional hits in other locations. Iran has been nothing but problems for many years. Let this serve as a WARNING that if Iran strikes any Americans, or American assets, we have.....
Christopher Bedford, The Federalist Senior Editor. “There is NOTHING NEW in these Emails at all that’s been discovered. It’s exactly what we knew before, which is that the White House &amp, political figures wanted to cut off aid, Trump wanted to question aid to a number of....
“It was amazing to watch three days of arguments dismantled in two hours.” @PeteHegseth @foxandfriends
General Qassem Soleimani has killed or badly wounded thousands of Americans over an extended period of time, and was plotting to kill many more...but got caught! He was directly and indirectly responsible for the death of millions of people, including the recent large number....
....had happened to a Presidential candidate, or President, who was a Democrat, everybody involved would long ago be in jail for treason (and more), and it would be considered the CRIME OF THE CENTURY, far bigger and more sinister than Watergate!
It never ends! Now they are trying to say that your favorite President, me, went to Walter Reed Medical Center, having suffered a series of mini-strokes. Never happened to THIS candidate - FAKE NEWS. Perhaps they are referring to another candidate from another Pa“This is what Democrats have done. They want to create the idea that there is all this smoke so people think there’s fire. They did this with Russia Collusion, & there was no fire. It makes zero sense what the Democrats are accusing him of.” @LisaMarieBoothe @foxandfriends
CouHeading to Kenosha, Wisconsin, to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard for a job well done. The Violence stopped six days ago, the moment the Guard entered the picture. Thank you!
Had a very productive conversation with Kevin Warren, Commissioner of the Big Ten Conference, about immediately sta....Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York, which is falling apa....for another President. This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT. We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign, the biggest political crime and scandal in U.S. history, and NOTHING HAPPENS. But despite this, I have done more than any President in history in first 3 1/2 years!
We have a totally corrupt previous Administration, including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAIGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election, everyone knows it, and yet all are frozen stiff with fear....
Four great candidates are under consideration at DNI. Decision within next few weeks!
I was saddened to learn of the passing of India's former President, Pranab Mukherjee. I send my condolences to his family and the people of India as they grieve the loss of a great leader.
....No Republican Senate Judiciary response, NO “JUSTICE”, NO FBI, NO NOTHING. Major horror show REPOWe are having very productive calls with the leaders of every sector of the economy who are all-in on getting America back to work, and soon. More to come! #MAGA
Nissan is rolling out it’s 2021 ROGUE from TENNESSEE. Great!
....for another President. This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT. We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign, the biggest political crime and scandal in U.S. history, and NOTHING HAPPENS. But despite this, I have done more than any President in history in first 3 1/2 years!
White House news conference today at 5:30 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
....No Republican Senate Judiciary response, NO “JUSTICE”, NO FBI, NO NOTHING. Major horror show REPOWe have a totally corrupt previous Administration, including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign, AND GOT CAUGHT...and nothing happens to them. This crime was taking place even before my election, everyone knows it, and yet all are frozen stiff with fear....
The Democrats are only interested in BAILING OUT their badly managed, high crime, Blue States. They are not interested in our workers or small businesses. Crazy Nancy will only do stimulus, which would be helpful, if we couple it with bailout money. Republican States are great!!!
“Again: Read the Transcript!” Michael Goodwin, New York Post, Sunday.
I will be announcing my Supreme Cou@jeffreypham Great!
POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
After having been exposed as a fraud and corrupt, can anyone, including Sleepyeyes Chuck Todd of Fake @NBCNews, continue to listen to his con?
Ford, General Motors and Tesla are being given the go ahead to make ventilators and other metal products, FAST! @fema Go for it auto execs, lets see how good you are? @RepMarkMeadows @GOPLeader @senatemajldr
.@OANN Poll “Gives President Trump a 52% Approval Rating in NoSleepyeyes Chuck Todd of Meet the Corrupt Press, just had a “totally” softball interview with conman Adam Schiff, never even calling Shifty out on his fraudulent statement to Congress, where he made up ALL of the words of my conversation with the Ukrainian President! FAKE NEWS
At the request of Congressman Moolenaar, I have approved a major Disaster Declaration to provide more than $43 million in Federal Funds to help the people of the GREAT State of Michigan recover from the recent dam break flooding. I will always stand with Michigan!
Thank you to Fred Smith and @FedEx for the rapid emergency deliveries you are making all over our Nation. Keep it going!
Crazy “Nancy Pelosi, you are a weak person. You are a poor leader. You are the reason America hates career politicians, like yourself.” @seanhannity She is totally incompetent & controlled by the Radical Left, a weak and pathetic puppet. Come back to Washington and do your job!
Working very well with States and our Nation’s Governors. #TEAMWORK
...Nobody’s been tougher on Russia than the Trump Administration. With Corrupt Joe Biden & Obama, Russia had a field day, taking over impoNobody briefed or told me, @VP Pence, or Chief of Staff @MarkMeadows about the so-called attacks on our troops in Afghanistan by Russians, as repoDemocrats are blocking additional funding for the popular Paycheck Protection Program. They are killing American small businesses. Stop playing politics Dems! SuppoMajority of people say “the U.S. Senate already has enough information!” @FoxNews
Major News Conference tonight, the White House at 6:00 P.M. (Eastern), to explain Guidelines for OPENING UP AMERICA AGAIN!
So @TeamCavuto has very bad ratings on @foxnews with his Fake guests like A.B.Stoddard and others that still haven’t figured it all out. Will he get the same treatment as his friend Shepherd Smith, who also suffered from the ratings drought?
Nothing done wrong, READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
“Senate Intelligence Panel found absolutely no evidence of collusion. There was no evidence that the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government to influence 2016, affirming the findings of other investigations.” Daily Caller
.@JBPritzker, Governor of Illinois, and a very small group of ceFunny to see Corrupt Joe Biden reading a statement on Russia, which was obviously written by his handlers. Russia ate his and Obama’s lunch during their time in office, so badly that Obama wanted them out of the then G-8. U.S. was weak on everything, but especially Russia!
The hard working men and women of @UPS are working oveCorrupt Joe Biden has confirmed that he “would give UNLIMITED Healthcare to Illegal Immigrants”. This would break our system and bring millions of people to the USA. @foxandfriends
Will be having a News Conference from our beautiful White House at 5:00 P.M. Many things to discuss. Thank you!
The great @LouDobbs has a very impoSince imposing a very powerful 10 year prison sentence on those that Vandalize Monuments, Statues etc., with many people being arrested all over our Country, the Vandalism has completely stopped. Thank you!
Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, every community, & every walk of life. We are the paNow that we have witnessed it on a large scale basis, and firsthand, ViHave a good time this morning at First Baptist Dallas Church. The wonderful Pastor @robeAttorney General @Eric_Schmitt is doing a terrific job in Missouri! He suppoGetting ready to land in Wisconsin. See you soon!
....The reason for this is that the Do Nothing Democrats, using disinformation Hoax number 7, don’t want Bernie Sanders to get the Democrat Nomination, and they figure this would be very bad for his chances. It’s all rigged, again, against Crazy Bernie Sanders!
....in January and February, as the Virus spread globally? Why did the W.H.O. wait as long as it did to take decisive action? Lanhee Chen, Hoover Institution Fellow @FoxNews
“Don’t throw the American story into the river, don’t throw it into the lake. Be proud of it.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
....Absentee Ballots are fine because you have to go through a precise process to get your voting privilege. Not so with Mail-Ins. Rigged Election!!! 20% fraudulent ballots?
Mail-In Ballot fraud found in many elections. People are just now seeing how bad, dishonest and slow it is. Election results could be delayed for months. No more big election night answers? 1% not even counted in 2016. Ridiculous! Just a formula for RIGGING an Election....
.....Melania and I send our warmest condolences to Vanessa and the wonderful Bryant family. May God be with you all!
THE VAST SILENT MAJORITY IS ALIVE AND WELL!!! We will win this Election big. Nobody wants a Low IQ person in charge of our Country, and Sleepy Joe is definitely a Low IQ person!
IF YOU CAN PROTEST IN PERSON, YOU CAN VOTE IN PERSON!
Today people staWith what I am doing in the fight with the Drug Companies, drug prices will be coming down 50, 60, and even 70 per cent. The Democrats are fighting hard to stop me with big ad buys, plus. Likewise, Big Pharma. FAVORED NATIONS AND REBATES ARE BRINGING PRICES DOWN NOW. We will win!
...with our Country, the United States Military, Government Contractors, and Grantees. Americans should be taught to take PRIDE in our Great Country, and if you don’t, there’s nothing in it for you!
... and/or Funding, which will be taken away if this Propaganda or Act Against Public Policy continues. Our children must be Educated, not Indoctrinated!
Too many Universities and School Systems are about Radical Left Indoctrination, not Education. Therefore, I am telling the Treasury DepaA few weeks ago, I BANNED effoMy friend (always there when I’ve needed him!), Senator @RandPaul, was just tested “positive” from the Chinese Virus. That is not good! He is strong and will get better. Just spoke to him and he was in good spirits.
LIBERATE MINNESOTA!
...(Democrats said I never met) and released the military aid to Ukraine without any conditions or investigations - and far ahead of schedule. I also allowed Ukraine to purchase Javelin anti-tank missiles. My Administration has done far more than the previous Administration.
...transcripts of my calls with President Zelensky are all the proof that is needed, in addition to the fact that President Zelensky & the Foreign Minister of Ukraine said there was no pressure and no problems. Additionally, I met with President Zelensky at the United Nations...
WE CANNOT LET THE CURE BE WORSE THAN THE PROBLEM ITSELF. AT THE END OF THE 15 DAY PERIOD, WE WILL MAKE A DECISION AS TO WHICH WAY WE WANT TO GO!
"Ivanka Trump defends her dad" Why are Republicans allowing the Democrats to have ridiculous Post Office hearings on Saturday & Monday, just before and during our Convention. Let them hold them NOW (during their Convention) or after our Convention is over. Always playing right into their hands! @senatemajldr
LIBERATE MICHIGAN!
I NEVER told John Bolton that the aid to Ukraine was tied to investigations into Democrats, including the Bidens. In fact, he never complained about this at the time of his very public termination. If John Bolton said this, it was only to sell a book. With that being said, the...
With Tropical Storm Fay heading towards the Great State of New Hampshire this weekend, we are forced to reschedule our PoWill he having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!
Mike Pence was never put on standby, & there were no mini-strokes. This is just more Fake News by @CNN, a phony story. The reason for the visit to Walter Reed, together with the full press pool, was to complete my yearly physical. ShoLIBERATE VIRGINIA, and save your great 2nd Amendment. It is under siege!
We will be guided by the wishes of Prime Minister Abe of Japan, a great friend of the United States and a man who has done a magnificent job on the Olympic Venue, as to attending the Olympic Games in Japan. He will make the proper decision!
Thank you to all of my great Keyboard Warriors. You are better, and far more brilliant, than anyone on Madison Avenue (Ad Agencies). There is nobody like you!
The Democrat controlled House never even asked John Bolton to testify. It is up to them, not up to the Senate!
D.C. had no problems last night. Many arrests. Great job done by all. Overwhelming force. Domination. Likewise, Minneapolis was great (thank you President Trump!).
Where is the 302? It is missing. Was it stolen or destroyed? General Flynn is being persecuted! #OBAMAGATE
....testing that you should be doing. We have given New York far more money, help and equipment than any other state, by far, & these great men & women who did the job never hear you say thanks. Your numbers are not good. Less talk and more action!
Governor Cuomo should spend more time “doing” and less time “complaining”. Get out there and get the job done. Stop talking! We built you thousands of hospital beds that you didn’t need or use, gave large numbers of Ventilators that you should have had, and helped you with....
Will be having a Press Conference at 5:45 P.M. See you in 15 minutes!
Biden/Obama were a disaster in handling the H1N1 Swine Flu. Polling at the time showed disastrous approval numbers. 17,000 people died unnecessarily and through incompetence! Also, don’t forget their 5 Billion Dollar Obamacare website that should have cost close to nothing!
Congresswoman Jackie Walorski (@jackiewalorski) is doing an incredible job for Indiana. She fights for Small Businesses, the Economy, and our incredible Military and Vets! Jackie has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #IN02
....spews lies. @60Minutes repoChina has just announced a doubling in the number of their deaths from the Invisible Enemy. It is far higher than that and far higher than the U.S., not even close!
The States have to step up their TESTING!
Cuomo ridiculously wanted “40 thousand Ventilators”. We gave him a small fraction of that number, and it was plenty. State should have had them in stockpile!
“I live in New York. Even the most Liberal friends that I have are thinking twice about voting Democrat this time because they’ve seen what’s happened to the City under @NYCMayor de Blasio and the State under @NYGovCuomo - They’re getting eaten up by taxes.” @DavidAsmanfox
“An investigation into NOTHING.” The wonderful @trish_regan on the Mueller Witch Hunt!
“Joe Biden, a little out of it, let’s face it, so he is the perfect vessel, an empty vessel, to transform the Country.” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews “Destroying your dreams and ending your life.” Ned Ryan
See, even a Kennedy isn’t safe in the new Radical Left Democrat PaWhite House news conference today at 6:00 P.M. Eastern. Thank you!
Thank you to @foxandfriends for covering, supremely, the greatest political scandal in the history of the United States, OBAMAGATE. Fake News @CNN and Concast’s own MSDNC are only trying to make their 3 year Con Job just go away. They are embarrassed and don’t know what to do....
HE SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN, AND GOT CAUGHT!
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS!
Democrats in the Great State of Nevada (Which, because of the Economy, Jobs, the Military & Vets, I will win in November), be careful of Russia, Russia, Russia. According to Corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff, they are pushing for Crazy Bernie Sanders to win. Vote!
Yesterday was a bad day for the Cuomo Brothers. New York was lost to the looters, thugs, Radical Left, and all others forms of Lowlife & Scum. The Governor refuses to accept my offer of a dominating National Guard. NYC was ripped to pieces. Likewise, Fredo’s ratings are down 50%!
....Likewise, the @nytimes and @washingtonpost are a disgrace to journalism. They are all Fake News, and they know it better than anyone else. History is unfolding, and it is not a pretty picture for “journalism”.
WHY DID HE REFUSE TO ENDORSE SLOW JOE UNTIL IT WAS ALL OVER, AND EVEN THEN WAS VERY LATE? WHY DID HE TRY TO GET HIM NOT TO RUN?
I hardly know Cindy McCain other than having put her on a Committee at her husband’s request. Joe Biden was John McCain’s lapdog. So many BAD decisions on Endless Wars & the V.A., which I brought from a horror show to HIGH APPROVAL. Never a fan of John. Cindy can have Sleepy Joe!
BUT DIDN’T SHE CALL HIM A RACIST??? DIDN’T SHE SAY HE WAS INCOMPETENT???
Congressman Jim Banks (@jim_banks) is a fighter for Indiana! A highly respected Navy Officer, Jim works hard for our Vets and Small Businesses. Strongly suppoI am proud to announce that @NJTransit will receive $1.4B in CARES Act funding to assist in their continued operations and to keep people moving in the NY/NJ area! The LARGEST single Federal transit grant to New Jersey Transit ever. Together, we will prevail!
Vaccines are coming along really well. Likewise therapeutics. Moving faster than anticipated. Good news ahead (in many ways)!
Chicago’s @CTA has big federal resources heading its way to keep the transit system operational and to keep people moving where they need to go. $817M will aid in the economic recovery — buy Made in the USA!
Republicans, get out and vote today for those great candidates that will lead to big victories on November 3rd. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Absentee Ballots are fine. A person has to go through a process to get and use them. Mail-In Voting, on the other hand, will lead to the most corrupt Election is USA history. Bad things happen with Mail-Ins. Just look at Special Election in Patterson, N.J. 19% of Ballots a FRAUD!
Intel just repoSILENT MAJORITY!
It’s never a real Twitter Trending. It’s Twitter Executive’s Choice. Only negative on Republican voices, especially mine!
White House News Conference today at 6:00 P.M. Economy, Job gains and Vaccine development are all doing GREAT!
I am proud to announce that the United States will donate ventilators to our friends in India. We stand with India and @narendramodi during this pandemic. We’re also cooperating on vaccine development. Together we will beat the invisible enemy!
Bay of Pigs Veterans & Hispanic Heritage Remarks as past honoree. White House East Room. 11 AM. Thank you!
Decorated combat Vet @Ma“The Kremlin is repoJoe Biden is not on the side of Law Enforcement, and that was spectacularly evident on my very successful trip yesterday to Kenosha. We solved the problem quickly, and it was very much appreciated by the people of Wisconsin. Joe Biden wouldn’t know where to begin - a bad record!
....This whole Whistleblower racket needs to be looked at very closely, it is causing great injustice & harm. I hope you are listening @SenSusanCollins I also hope that Shari Redstone will take a look at her poorly performing gang. She knows how to make things right!
...AND THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individulal, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!
THIS IS WHY WE NEED BORDERS!
Sleepy Joe has been in politics for 40 years, and did nothing. Now he pretends to have the answers. He doesn’t even know the questions. Weakness will never beat anarchists, looters or thugs, and Joe has been politically weak all of his life. LAW & ORDER!
Look forward to being with all of my friends and suppoCrazy Nancy Pelosi is being decimated for having a beauty parlor opened, when all others are closed, and for not wearing a Mask - despite constantly lecturing everyone else. We will almost ceSpending the morning speaking to @fema and Military relative to CoronaVirus. Also, spoke to leaders of various countries including Poland, South Korea and Bahrain. Last night had a very gold conversation with the President of Mexico on numerous topics. Border is very strong!
The New York Times changed headlines 3 times in order to satisfy the Radical Left. What should have been a good story got “worse & worse”, until the headline alone made it very unfair. Fake & Corrupt News that is very dangerous for our Country!
Washington, D.C., was the safest place on eaSomebody please tell incompetent (thanks for my high poll numbers) & corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff to stop leaking Classified information or, even worse, made up information, to the Fake News Media. Someday he will be caught, & that will be a very unpleasant experience!
Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before. The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individual, especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world. He’s back in his basement now - no schedule!
A great early result from a drug that will staJeff Van Drew is a Courageous Leader that left the Do Nothing Democrats to better serve the Great people of New Jersey. HAPPY BICan anyone believe that Princeton just dropped the name of Woodrow Wilson from their highly respected policy center. Now the Do Nothing Democrats want to take off the name John Wayne from an airpoRoger Stone was targeted by an illegal Witch Hunt tha never should have taken place. It is the other side that are criminals, including the fact that Biden and Obama illegally spied on my campaign - AND GOT CAUGHT!
We had FAR more people (many millions) watching us at the RNC than did Sleepy Joe and the DNC, and yet an ad just ran saying the opposite. This is what we’re up against. Lies. But we will WIN!
....is NOT their fault in any way, shape, or form. They are working closely with us to get rid of it. WE WILL PREVAIL TOGETHER!
...millions of dollars, and jobs, for the State. Because of @NC_Governor, we are now forced to seek another State to host the 2020 Republican National Convention.
...then tell them they will not be able to gain entry. Governor Cooper is still in Shelter-In-Place Mode, and not allowing us to occupy the arena as originally anticipated and promised. Would have showcased beautiful No2016 was AMAZING, but we never had this kind of ENTHUSIASM!
Roger Stone was targeted by an illegal Witch Hunt that never should have taken place. It is the other side that are criminals, including Biden and Obama, who spied on my campaign - AND GOT CAUGHT!
Seattle Looters, Agitators, Anarchists and “Protestors”, are now refusing to leave the “CHOP” Zone. They have ZERO respect for Government, or the Mayor of Seattle or Governor of Washington State! Not good!
Sorry to inform the Do Nothing Democrats, but I am getting VERY GOOD internal Polling Numbers. Just like 2016, the @nytimes Polls are Fake! The @FoxNews Polls are a JOKE! Do you think they will apologize to me & their subscribers AGAIN when I WIN? People want LAW, ORDER & SAFETY!
Radical Left Democrats are going CRAZY!
हम भारत आने के लिए तत्पर हैं । हम रास्ते में हैँ, कुछ ही घंटों में हम सबसे मिलेंगे!
Big Senate Race in Alabama on Tuesday. Vote for @TTuberville, he is a winner who will never let you down. Jeff Sessions is a disaster who has let us all down. We don’t want him back in Washington!
Congressman @Scott“Chaos, lawlessness, and destruction take over New York.” @FoxNews When will Governor Cuomo call the Federal Government for help?
अमेरिका और भारत अपने देशों को मजबूत बनाएँगे, अपने लोगों को सम्पन्न बनाएँगे, बड़े सपने देखने वालों को और बड़ा बनाएँगे और अपना भविष्य पहले से कहीं अधिक उज्जवल बनाएँगे... और यह तो शुरुआत ही है।
New York’s Finest are not being allowed to perform their MAGIC but regardless, and with the momentum that the Radical Left and others have been allowed to build, they will need additional help. NYC is totally out of control. @NYCMayor & @NYGovCuomo MUST PUT DOWN RIOTING NOW!
Republicans had a deal until Nancy Pelosi rode into town from her extended vacation. The Democrats want the Virus to win? They are asking for things that have nothing to do with our great workers or companies. They want Open Borders & Green New Deal. Republicans shouldn’t agree!
New documents just released reveal General Flynn was telling the truth, and the FBI knew it! @OANN
The Hill/HarrisX: 61% to 39% Approval Rating on handling of Coronavirus situation. Thank you!
Burgess Owens, Utah. “We weren’t to sure in 2016, but we voted for the right person to take us through this process.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews Thank you Burgess. Working hard!
THANK YOU NOPraying for the two police officers that were shot tonight in Louisville, Kentucky. The Federal Government stands behind you and is ready to help. Spoke to @GovAndyBeshear and we are prepared to work together, immediately upon request!
The Dow Jones Industrial just closed above 29,000! You are so lucky to have me as your President😉With Joe Hiden’ it would crash😧
LAW & ORDER!
Happy BiMayor Wheeler just got harassed out of his own home in PoSo pathetic to watch the Fake News Lamestream Media playing down the gravity and depravity of the Radical Left, looters and thugs, ripping up our Liberal Democrat run (only) cities. It is almost like they are all working together?
Florida looking good!
I STAND FOR LAW AND ORDER AND I TOOK ACTION! Operation LeGend has led to the arrest of over 1,000 criminals, including 90 killers, all while Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left excuses violence and crime in their Democrat-run cities. I want safety & security, Joe allows CRIME!
NoThe Democrats are demanding Mail-In Ballots because the enthusiasm meter for Slow Joe Biden is the lowest in recorded history, and they are concerned that very few people will turn out to vote. Instead, they will search & find people, then “harvest” & return Ballots. Not fair!
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:00 P.M. Thank you!
Sleepy Joe Biden just closed down his campaign for the day (Again). Wants to rest! He is a very LOW ENERGY INDIVIDUAL, and our Country cannot make it in these exciting, but complex and competitive times, with a Low Energy President !!!
What an INCREDIBLE opening by @JesseBWatters. I will put it up later for everyone to see!
They are sending out 51,000,000 Ballots to people who haven’t even requested a Ballot. Many of those people don’t even exist. They are trying to STEAL this election. This should not be allowed!
Russian Billionaire wired Hunter Biden 3 1/2 Million Dollars. This on top of all of the other money he received while Joe was V.P. Crooked as can be, but Fake Mainstream Media wants it to just go away!
2016? HERE WE GO AGAIN!
....Example! V.P. Mike Pence held a conference call yesterday with all Democrat Senators. He gave them everything that they would have wanted to hear in terms of gaining ground on the CoronaVirus, but nothing that anyone could have said, including “it’s over”, could have made....
....them happy, or even a little bit satisfied. They were RUDE and NASTY. This is their political playbook, and they will use it right up to the election on November 3rd. They will not change because they feel that this is the only way they can win. America will not be fooled!!!
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy! @FoxNews
Does anyone notice that the real Polls, as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016, are staMy Administration will do everything in its power to prevent weak mayors and lawless cities from taking Federal dollars while they let anarchists harm people, burn buildings, and ruin lives and businesses. We’re putting them on notice today. @RussVought45
“Scandal has defined the Obama Administration.” @LisaMarieBoothe @ffweekend
96% Approval Rating in the Republican PaThe most often used phrase in the Lamestream Media, by far, is “sources say”, or “officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity”, or anything similar which allows Fake News to make up a phony quote from a person who doesn’t even exist. The American people should demand NAMES!
.@FoxNews Polls are, as in the past, Fake News. They have been from the beginning, way off in 2016. Get a new pollster. I believe we are leading BIG!
Do RINO’S Pat Toomey & Mitt Romney have any problem with the fact that we caught Obama, Biden, & Company illegally spying on my campaign? Do they care if Comey, McCabe, Page & her lover, Peter S, the whole group, ran rampant, wild & unchecked - lying & leaking all the way? NO!
.....So, what the hell has happened to @FoxNews. Only I know! Chris Wallace and others should be on Fake News CNN or MSDNC. How’s Shep Smith doing? Watch, this will be the beginning of the end for Fox, just like the other two which are dying in the ratings. Social Media is great!
On my way to NoAfter the worst debate performance in the history of politics, Michael Bloomberg, commonly known as Mini Mike, is trying to make a comeback by begging the Democrats for relevance. They treated him like a dog - and always will. Before politics, he said GREAT things about me!
The World market for face masks and ventilators is Crazy. We are helping the states to get equipment, but it is not easy. Just got 400 Ventilators for @NYCMayor Bill de Blasio. Work beginning on 4 hospitals in New York! Millions of different type items coming!
Governors Andrew Cuomo of New York has the worst record on death and China Virus. 11,000 people alone died in Nursing Homes because of his incompetence!
Really pathetic how @FoxNews is trying to be so politically correct by loading the airwaves with Democrats like Chris Van Hollen, the no name Senator from Maryland. He has been on forever playing up the Impeachment Hoax. Dems wouldn’t even give Fox their low ratings debates....
Are you better off now than you were three years ago? Almost everyone say YES!
The Fed should get smaUp BIG in South Carolina!
.@NYGovCuomo should get his puppet New York prosecutors, who have been illegally after me and my family for years, to investigate his incompetent handling of the China Virus, and all of the deaths caused by this incompetence. It is at minimum a Nursing Home Scandal - 11,000 DEAD!
Based on the massive number of Unsolicited & Solicited Ballots that will be sent to potential Voters for the upcoming 2020 Election, & in order for you to MAKE SURE YOUR VOTE COUNTS & IS COUNTED, SIGN & MAIL IN your Ballot as EARLY as possible. On Election Day, or Early Voting,..
In 47 years, Joe did none of the things of which he now speaks. He will never change, just words!
Do you notice that any time Fake News Suppression Polls are put out, like @FoxNews, the Stock Market goes DOWN. We are going to WIN!
We have now built 240 Miles of new Border Wall on our Southern Border. We will have over 450 Miles built by the end of the year. Have established some of the best Border Numbers ever. The Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders for anyone, including many criminals, to come in!
We’ve done a GREAT job on Covid response, making all Governors look good, some fantastic (and that’s OK), but the Lamestream Media doesn’t want to go with that narrative, and the Do Nothing Dems talking point is to say only bad about “Trump”. I made everybody look good, but me!
I know many in business and politics that work out endlessly, in some cases to a point of exhaustion. It is their number one passion in life, but nobody complains. My “exercise” is playing, almost never during the week, a quick round of golf. Obama played more and much longer....
...rounds, no problem. When I play, Fake News CNN, and others, park themselves anywhere they can to get a picture, then scream “President Trump is playing golf.” Actually, I play VERY fast, get a lot of work done on the golf course, and also get a “tiny” bit of exercise. Not bad!
Crazy Nancy Pelosi said she was “set up” by the beauty parlor owner when she improperly had the salon opened (and didn’t wear a MASK!). Does anyone want a Speaker of the House who can be so easily SET UP?
Nancy Pelosi says she got “set up” by a Beauty Parlor owner. Maybe the Beauty Parlor owner should be running the House of Representatives instead of Crazy Nancy?
Just landed in Florida. WOW, what a crowd, MASSIVE! Going to win FLORIDA BIG!! Live on @FoxNews, @OANN, and @cspan! #MAGA
Hearing that Iran is looking to execute a great and popular wrestling star, 27-year-old Navid Afkarai, whose sole act was an anti-government demonstration on the streets. They were protesting the “country’s worsening economic situation and inflation”...
No, Radical Left anarchists, agitators, looters or protesters will not be knocking down or harming the Washington Monument, the Lincoln or Jefferson Memorials, or just about any other Federal Monumrnt or Statue. If they even try, an automatic 10 years in prison. Sorry!
Another bad night of Rioting in PoCheating on Unsolicited Ballots by political hacks, or anyone else, is against the law. We are closely watching!
Heading to New Jersey. Big Rally, in fact, Really Big Rally!
The Democrats took the word GOD out of the Pledge of Allegiance at the Democrat National Convention. At first I thought they made a mistake, but it wasn’t. It was done on purpose. Remember Evangelical Christians, and ALL, this is where they are coming from-it’s done. Vote Nov 3!
Joe Hiden’ get off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law & Order!
I’m not running against Sleepy Joe Biden. He is not even a factor. Never was, remember 1% Joe? I’m running against the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats & their paGreat new book just out, “Taken for Granted, How Conservatives Can Win Back Americans That Liberalism Failed”, by Gianni Caldwell, a young winner! He will be at the Ronald Reagan Library, Simi Valley, California, on Thursday at 6 PM, PT. Check it out!
It’s amazing what I’ve done, the most of any President in the first three years (by far), considering that for three years I’ve been under phony political investigations and the Impeachment Hoax! KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Biden and the Democrats have greatly disrespected the Great State of Wisconsin by not even paying a small visit to Milwaukee, the designated site of the DNC. The State & City worked very hard to make sure things would be good. Not nice. Vote Trump Wisconsin!
Spelled @GiannoCaldwell!
Why would Suburban Women vote for Biden and the Democrats when Democrat run cities are now rampant with crime (and they aren’t asking the Federal Government for help) which could easily spread to the suburbs, and they will reconstitute, on steroids, their low income suburbs plan!
This is not about the ridiculous Green New Deal. It is about putting our great workers and companies BACK TO WORK!
The deep state, or whoever, over at the FDA is making it very difficult for drug companies to get people in order to test the vaccines and therapeutics. Obviously, they are hoping to delay the answer until after November 3rd. Must focus on speed, and saving lives! @SteveFDA
Joe Hiden’ gets off his airplane, grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand (like in the old days), then touches his (Joe’s) face and mask with the same hand. No crowd, no enthusiasm for Joe today. Law & Order!
The Defense Production Act is in full force, but haven’t had to use it because no one has said NO! Millions of masks coming as back up to States.
....on all Trump, or Trump related, matters! While “elections have consequences”, I only ask for fairness, especially when it comes to decisions made by the United States Supreme Cou“Sotomayor accuses GOP appointed Justices of being biased in favor of Trump.” @IngrahamAngle @FoxNews This is a terrible thing to say. Trying to “shame” some into voting her way? She never criticized Justice Ginsberg when she called me a “faker”. Both should recuse themselves..
Hunter Biden’s laptop is a disaster for the entire Biden family, but especially for his father, Joe. It is now a proven fact, and cannot be denied, that all of that info is the REAL DEAL. That makes it impossible for “50%, or 10%” Joe, to ever assume the office of the President!
Congress must approve the deal, without all of the nonsense, today. The longer it takes, the harder it will be to sta@JSunday72 Thank you Joey
Joe Biden is a corrupt politician, and everybody knows it. Now you have the proof, perhaps like never was had before on a major politician. Laptop plus. This is the second biggest political scandal in our history!
Our people want to return to work. They will practice Social Distancing and all else, and Seniors will be watched over protectively & lovingly. We can do two things together. THE CURE CANNOT BE WORSE (by far) THAN THE PROBLEM! Congress MUST ACT NOW. We will come back strong!
In New Jersey they want you to ceVery proud of the @nypost, my former “hometown newspaper”. They have said and shown what everyone knows about Sleepy Joe Biden. He is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN!!!
Will be doing a Town Hall on @FoxNews at 12:05 P.M. (Now). I will go on around 1:00 P.M. Enjoy!
“Republican voter registration is way up, Democrat numbers are down.” @foxandfriends
Congratulations to Randy Feenstra on your big win in the Iowa Republican Primary. You will be a great Congressman!
Never in history have Police been treated so badly as they are in Democrat run cities - and these cities are a mess. Police must take a stronger stand with the Radical Left politicians that are treating them so badly, and so disrespectfully!!!
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer is complaining, for publicity purposes only, that I should be asking for more money than $2.5 Billion to prepare for Coronavirus. If I asked for more he would say it is too much. He didn’t like my early travel closings. I was right. He is incompetent!
LAW & ORDER!
Price transparency is so impoJust like I was right on Ventilators (our Country is now the “King of Ventilators”, other countries are calling asking for help-we will!), I am right on testing. Governors must be able to step up and get the job done. We will be with you ALL THE WAY!
Representatives of the Post Office have repeatedly stated that they DO NOT NEED MONEY, and will not make changes. This is all another HOAX by the Democrats to give 25 Billion unneeded dollars for political purposes, without talking about the Universal Mail-In Ballot Scam....
Landing soon - see you in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. Speech will be broadcast on @FoxNews @OANN and @cspan at 6:45 P.M. Enjoy!
Corrupt politician Joe Biden makes Crooked Hillary look like an amateur!
Really sick to watch the Fake and totally Slanted News(?) coming out of MSDNC and CNN. It bears NO relationship to the Truth or Facts. They are merely offshoots of the DNC, much like the @nytimes and the Amazon @washingtonpost. Just like 2016, but worse. Sad, but we will win big!
....that they are trying to pull off in violation of everything that our Country stands for. Vote NO to the Pelosi/ Schumer money wasting HOAX which is taking place now. Then fight the $51 million unasked for Ballots. Only ABSENTEE BALLOTS are acceptable!
There has rarely been a juror so tainted as the forewoman in the Roger Stone case. Look at her background. She never revealed her hatred of “Trump” and Stone. She was totally biased, as is the judge. Roger wasn’t even working on my campaign. Miscarriage of justice. Sad to watch!
So hard to watch @FoxNews anymore. They are working so hard against the people (viewers) that got them there. Their contributors are a disaster, and all over the place. The Radical Left has scared Fox into submission, just like they have so many others. Sad, but we will WIN!
If you watch Fake News @CNN or MSDNC, you would think that the killers, terrorists, arsonists, anarchists, thugs, hoodlums, looters, ANTIFA & others, would be the nicest, kindest most wonderful people in the Whole Wide World. No, they are what they are - very bad for our Country!
THANK YOU NewpoNo matter how many witnesses you give the Democrats, no matter how much information is given, like the quickly produced Transcripts, it will NEVER be enough for them. They will always scream UNFAIR. The Impeachment Hoax is just another political CON JOB!
The Silent Majority will reign!
In 3 1/2 years, I’ve done much more for our Black population than Joe Biden has done in 43 years. Actually, he set them back big time with his Crime Bill, which he doesn’t even remember. I’ve done more for Black Americans, in fact, than any President in U.S. history, with...
....John a loser and swear on whatever, or whoever, I was asked to swear on, that I never called our great fallen soldiers anything other than HEROES. This is more made up Fake News given by disgusting & jealous failures in a disgraceful attempt to influence the 2020 Election!
..Country, had to be approved by me, as President, & I did so without hesitation or complaint. Quite the contrary, I felt it was well deserved. I even sent Air Force One to bring his body, in casket, from Arizona to Washington. It was my honor to do so. Also, I never called..
I was never a big fan of John McCain, disagreed with him on many things including ridiculous endless wars and the lack of success he had in dealing with the VA and our great Vets, but the lowering of our Nations American Flags, and the first class funeral he was given by our....
The Lamestream Media is not talking about what is happening with the Stock Market and JOBS. Both are doing GREAT! The Radical Left will destroy the USA. Be careful what you wish for!
Why didn’t John Bolton complain about this “nonsense” a long time ago, when he was very publicly terminated. He said, not that it matters, NOTHING!
....the possible exception of another Republican President, the late, great, Abraham Lincoln...and it’s not even close. The Democrats know this, and so does the Fake News, but they refuse to write or say it because they are inherently corrupt! See “pinned” above.
Big show tonight on @FoxNews! @MarkLevinShow will be exposing Joe Biden’s Corruption at 8:00pmE — and of course, don’t miss @NextRevFNC with @SteveHiltonx at 9:00pmE!
OBAMAGATE!
....His primary strength was not military, but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life, things to do, and battles to win, but he seldom “brought home the bacon”. I didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him, and many others agree. Glad he is gone!
“President Trump’s decision to very early on restrict travel from China saved tens of thousands of lives.” @LouDobbs @FoxBusiness
Great Jobs Numbers! 1.37 Million Jobs Added In August. Unemployment Rate Falls To 8.4% (Wow, much better than expected!). Broke the 10% level faster and deeper than thought possible.
Despite biggest ever job gains and a V shaped recovery, Joe Biden said, “I would shut it down”, referring to our Country. He has no clue!
Probably the only thing Barack Obama and I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis, the world’s most overrated General. I asked for his letter of resignation, & felt great about. His nickname was “Chaos”, which I didn’t like, & changed it to “Mad Dog”...
The Atlantic Magazine is dying, like most magazines, so they make up a fake story in order to gain some relevance. Story already refuted, but this is what we are up against. Just like the Fake Dossier. You fight and and fight, and then people realize it was a total fraud!
Will be interviewed by @SteveHiltonx on @FoxNews. 9:00 P.M. Sunday Night. Enjoy!
I am working very hard to help New York City & State. Dealing with both Mayor & Governor and producing tremendously for them, including four new medical centers and four new hospitals. Fake News that I won’t help them because I don’t like Cuomo (I do). Just sent 4000 ventilators!
.....are therefore given massive advantages over The United States, and everyone else? Prior to the Plague floating in from China, our Economy was blowing everybody away, the best of any country, EVER. We will be there again, and soon!
A “Favored Nations Clause” against Big Pharma, which I signed last week, means that the USA gets a price on Prescription Drugs that matches the price of the Country that pays the lowest price anywhere in the World. 50%, 60%, maybe 70% reduction. No other President would do this!
...His primary strength was not military, but rather personal public relations. I gave him a new life, things to do, and battles to win, but he seldom “brought home the bacon”. I didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him, and many others agree. Glad he is gone!
Probably the only thing Barack Obama & I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis, the world’s most overrated General. I asked for his letter of resignation, & felt great about it. His nickname was “Chaos”, which I didn’t like, & changed to “Mad Dog”...
Why is it that China, for decades, and with a population much bigger than ours, is paying a tiny fraction of $’s to The World Health Organization, The United Nations and, worst of all, The World Trade Organization, where they are considered a so-called “developing country” and...
...to bringing prosperity and peace to the Balkans and the world. I am proud to have assisted these leaders!
Another day everyone thought would be impossible! Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic of Serbia and PM @Avdullah Hoti of Kosovo on committing to #EconomicNormalization! This is a major step forward...
I will be interviewed by @MariaBaI feel more and more confident that our economy is in the early stages of coming back very strong. Not everyone agrees with me, but I have little doubt. Watch for September, October, November. Next year will be one of the best ever, and look at the Stock Market NOW!
.@FoxNews “Dems say President Trump is trying to open the United States Economy too quickly”, but, if I took even a little more time, they would loudly chant that I am moving too slowly. Just political talking points for them. For me it’s about lives & the future of our Country!
One of the worst polls in 2016 was the @FoxNews Poll. They were so ridiculously wrong. Fox said they were going to change pollsters, but they didn’t. They totally over sample Democrats to a point that a child could see what is going on. Rasmussen, which was accurate, at 52%.
....many more mistakes of judgement, gets fired because frankly, if I listened to him, we would be in World War Six by now, and goes out and IMMEDIATELY writes a nasty & untrue book. All Classified National Security. Who would do this?
For a guy who couldn’t get approved for the Ambassador to the U.N. years ago, couldn’t get approved for anything since, “begged” me for a non Senate approved job, which I gave him despite many saying “Don’t do it, sir,” takes the job, mistakenly says “Libyan Model” on T.V., and..
Congratulations to @predsednikrs Vucic for announcing the move of Serbia’s Embassy to Jerusalem by July. It is a brave and historic move!
Great book by @Senato....May Phyllis Rest In Peace. Warmest condolences to her beloved family!!!
“On February 19th there was a Democratic Debate, in Las Vegas. Three words weren’t said: Virus, CoronaVirus, or COVID19. NEVER came up!” @BretBaier
Another great day for peace with Middle East – Muslim-majority Kosovo and Israel have agreed to normalize ties and establish diplomatic relations. Well-done! More Islamic and Arab nations will follow soon!
Phyllis George was a great person and a true pioneer for women in television. The NFL could not have made a better “pick” when they choose Phyllis to be the first woman to represent them. Also, a wonderful First Lady of Kentucky as the wife of Gov. John Y. Brown....
These riots are an antigovernment movement from the Left that are all in Democrat run cities. The mayors have got to let their police do what they know how to do. Would be very easy to suppress or, call in the Federal Government. We will solve problem fast! @foxandfriends
Remember Republicans, the Democrats already had 17 witnesses, we were given NONE! Witnesses are up to the House, not up to the Senate. Don’t let the Dems play you!
CDC and my Administration are doing a GREAT job of handling Coronavirus, including the very early closing of our borders to ceMark Penn, Harris Poll: “It’s time to end the Impeachment Trial.” @foxandfriends Just another political Hoax by the Dems!
52% in the new Rasmussen Poll. 95% Approval Rating in the Republican PaTwo Democrat Caucus Meetings removed “UNDER GOD” from the Pledge of Allegiance. It sounded not only strange, but terrible. That’s where they’re coming from!
White House News Conference at 5:45. Thank you!
FBI & DOJ had NO EVIDENCE to staDoing REALLY well, medically, on solving the CoronaVirus situation (Plague!). It will happen!
On the Iraq War Resolution being voted on tomorrow in the House of Represenatives, we are down to 5000 soldiers, and going down, and I want everyone, Republican and Democrat, to vote their HEA....Democrats talking point is that we are doing badly. If the virus disappeared tomorrow, they would say we did a really poor, and even incompetent, job. Not fair, but it is what it is. So far, by the way, we have not had one death. Let’s keep it that way!
There is much talk that ceRINO Governor Charlie Baker of Massachusetts is unsuccessfully trying to defend Mail In Ballots, when there is fraud being found all over the place. Just look at some of the recent races, or the Trump Ballots in Pennsylvania that were thrown into the garbage. Wrong Charlie!
The United States of America will NOT be cutting funding to @starsandstripes magazine under my watch. It will continue to be a wonderful source of information to our Great Military!
“Next we’ll turn to people of the Biden inner circle”, said by Chris Wallace of @FoxNews after unsuccessfully GRILLING Mark Meadows. Then all softball questions to a group of Biden lightweights, including Senator Chris Coons of Delaware.
“The best evidence is the Transcript itself.” Brad Blakeman @FoxNews
Congratulations to all of my many friends at The Villages in Florida on having done so well, and with such great spirit, during these rather unusual times. So proud of everyone! Mark Morse & Gary Lester have really stepped up to the plate. Hope to see everyone soon.
Chris Wallace “forgot” to ask a very weak and pathetic Schumer puppet, Senator Chrisie Coons, why Biden fought me when I put an extremely early BAN on people coming into our Country from heavily infected China. Biden later admitted I was right! But why no question?
LAW & ORDER!
The Obama Administration is turning out to be one of the most corrupt and incompetent in U.S. history. Remember, he and Sleepy Joe are the reasons I am in the White House!!!
Received a very nice call from @GovTimWalz of Minnesota. We are working closely on getting him all he needs, and fast. Good things happening!
USMCA is a cutting edge state of the a... “Testing, Testing, Testing,” again playing a very dangerous political game. States, not the Federal Government, should be doing the Testing - But we will work with the Governors and get it done. This is easy compared to the fast production of thousands of complex Ventilators!
Jennifer Griffin of Fox News Did Not Confirm ‘Most Salacious‘ PaWatch Mark Levin, on air now. Great! @FoxNews
“U.S. acted on the Coronavirus very, very quickly.” Gordon Chang @IngrahamAngle
Joe Biden claims to be prioritizing ‘safety of kids’ by keeping schools closed this Fall. Yet he remains silent about children being slaughtered by violence on the streets of Democrat run cities. You & your children won’t be SAFE in Biden’s America, and neither will anyone else!
With Votes in the House tomorrow, Democrats want to make it harder for Presidents to defend America, and stand up to, as an example, Iran. Protect our GREAT COUNTRY!
Nancy Pelosi wants Congress to take away authority Presidents use to stand up to other countries and defend AMERICANS. Stand with your Commander in Chiefs!
The four hospitals that we (FEMA) are building in NYC at the Javits Convention Center are moving along very well, ahead of schedule. Many additional ventilators also delivered. Good conversation with Governor Cuomo!
Congratulations to Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and the IOC, on their very wise decision to present the Olympics in 2021. It will be a great success, and I look forward to being there!
Wow, just called! @TTuberville - Tommy Tuberville WON big against Jeff Sessions. Will be a GREAT Senator for the incredible people of Alabama. @DougJones is a terrible Senator who is just a Super Liberal puppet for Schumer & Pelosi. Represents Alabama poorly. On to November 3rd.
Incredible that @CNN & MSDNC aren’t covering the Roll Call of States. Fake News! This is what the Republican Pa.@MikeGarcia2020 will be a tremendous fighter for the U.S. and the State of California. An Annapolis graduate, he served our Country as a highly decorated Navy Fighter Pilot and will be a great Congressman (#CA25). Loves our Military, and Vets...
....I have been packed all day with meetings, I have no time for stupidity. We’re working around the clock to KEEP AMERICA SAFE!
I hear that Fake News CNN just repoJust landed. India was great, trip very successful. Heading to the White House. Meetings and calls scheduled today. @CDCgov, @SecAzar and all doing a great job with respect to Coronavirus! Briefing this afternoon.
“Schiff blasted for not focusing on California homeless.” @foxandfriends His District is in terrible shape. He is a corrupt pol who only dreams of the Impeachment Hoax. In my opinion he is mentally deranged!
I will be having a News Conference at the White House, on this subject, today at 6:00 P.M. CDC representatives, and others, will be there. Thank you!
Low Ratings Fake News MSDNC (Comcast) & @CNN are doing everything possible to make the Caronavirus look as bad as possible, including panicking markets, if possible. Likewise their incompetent Do Nothing Democrat comrades are all talk, no action. USA in great shape! @CDCgov.....
96-0 in the United States Senate. Congratulations AMERICA!
....during a debate). Pocahontas was mean, & undisciplined, mostly aiming at Crazy Bernie and Mini Mike. They don’t know how to handle her, but I know she is a “chocker”. Steyer was a disaster who, along with Mini, are setting records in $’s per vote. Just give me an opponent!
Crazy, chaotic Democrat Debate last night. Fake News said Biden did well, even though he said half of our population was shot to death. Would be OVER for most. Mini Mike was weak and unsteady, but helped greatly by his many commercials (which are not supposed to be allowed....
I will be doing a News Conference live from the @WhiteHouse at 5:00 P.M. (Eastern) to discuss the mtg of the G20 Leaders that took place this morning at 7:55 A.M. by World Teleconference. Also, my 12:00 P.M. Teleconference call w/50 Governors, plus Territories, will be discussed.
Congratulations to @RonnyJackson4TX on a big win against a tough and really good opponent. Ronny will be a fantastic Congressman - Will represent the wonderful people of the Great State of Texas, and the USA, very well. Proud of you Ronny!!!
“Every poll you look at shows that Black suppoWatch @marklevinshow tonight on @FoxNews. He covers the Russia Hoax and all of the other criminality that came from the Obama Administration They got caught! A repeat later in evening. Really something.
Will be going out in 10 minutes for the press conference.
Big Rally in the Great State of South Carolina on Friday. See you there!
“Joe Biden has made a lot of promises - and not gotten a lot done.” @foxandfriends That is the understatement of the year!!!
Joe Biden has said he would lock down the Country again. That’s crazy! We’re having record job growth and a booming stock market, but Joe would end it all and close it all down. Ridiculous!
Our great Oil & Gas industry is under under seige after having one of the best years in recorded history. It will get better than ever as soon as our Country staJust landed in Michigan. Car companies, and many others, are building and expanding here. Great to see!
BIGGEST TRADE DEAL EVER MADE, the USMCA, was signed yesterday and the Fake News Media barely mentioned it. They never thought it could be done. They have zero credibility!
.@GoyaFoods is doing GREAT. The Radical Left smear machine backfired, people are buying like crazy!
88 and 2 (really 1) in ENDORSEMENTS this election cycle, and @FoxNews was critical. Has anyone ever done so well? I doubt it! Steve D. @foxandfriends
Will be interviewed on @seanhannity at 9:10 P.M. @FoxNews
Just finished a very good conversation with President Xi of China. Discussed in great detail the CoronaVirus that is ravaging large pa96% Approval Rating of President Trump in the Republican Pa....This reminds me of the DiYou work so hard for the military, from completely rebuilding a depleted mess that was left by OBiden, to fixing a broken V.A. and fighting for large scale military pay raises, and then a slimeball repoLeaving Michigan now, great visit, heading for Iowa. Big Rally!
Watched the first 5 minutes of poorly rated Morning Psycho on MSDNC just to see if he is as “nuts” as people are saying. He’s worse. Such hatred and contempt! I used to do his show all the time before the 2016 election, then cut him off. Wasn’t wo...& costly. Workers & small businesses need money now in order to survive. Virus wasn’t their fault. It is “HELL” dealing with the Dems, had to give up some stupid things in order to get the “big picture” done. 90% GREAT! WIN BACK HOUSE, but throw Massie out of Republican PaWorking closely with China and others on Coronavirus outbreak. Only 5 people in U.S., all in good recovery.
Great News on Vaccines!
It is amazing that I became President of the United States with such a totally corrupt and dishonest Lamestream Media going after me all day, and all night. Either I’m really good, far better than the Fake News wants to admit, or they don’t have nearly the power as once thought!
Looks like a third rate Grandstander named @RepThomasMassie, a Congressman from, unfoWow. The @nytimes is under siege. The real reason is that it has become Fake News. They never covered me correctly - they blew it. People are fleeing, a total mess!
I’ve had great “ratings” my whole life, there’s nothing unusual about that for me. The White House News Conference ratings are “through the roof”(Monday Night Football, Bachelor Finale , @nytimes) but I don’t care about that. I care about going around the Fake News to the PEOPLE!
By empowering the Radical Left Democrats, do nothing Kentucky politician @RepThomasMassie is making their War on the 2nd Amendment more and more difficult to win (But don’t worry, we will win anyway!). He is a disaster for America, and for the Great State of Kentucky!
Joe Biden and the Radical Left want to Abolish Police, Abolish ICE, Abolish Bail, Abolish Suburbs, Abolish the 2nd Amendment – and Abolish the American Way of Life. No one will be SAFE in Joe Biden’s America!
We will never let the great U.S. Oil & Gas Industry down. I have instructed the Secretary of Energy and Secretary of the Treasury to formulate a plan which will make funds available so that these very impoAs usual with “this” General Motors, things just never seem to work out. They said they were going to give us 40,000 much needed Ventilators, “very quickly”. Now they are saying it will only be 6000, in late April, and they want top dollar. Always a mess with Mary B. Invoke “P”.
General Motors MUST immediately open their stupidly abandoned Lordstown plant in Ohio, or some other plant, and STAسه نفر در ایران برای شرکت کردن در تظاهرات محکوم به مرگ شده اند. اعدام آنها در هر لحظه قابل انتظار است. اعدام این سه نفر پیامی اسفناک به دنیا می فرستد و نباید انجام شود. #اعدام_نکنید
Invoke “P” means Defense Production Act!
We have just purchased many Ventilators from some wonderful companies. Names and numbers will be announced later today!
Will someone please explain to the Fake News New York Times (ALL THE NEWS THAT’S NOT FIT TO PRINT) that the Democrats make it almost impossible for us to fill positions within government. They “maximum” delay even the best candidates, including Judges, leaving little time!
I urge the Senate and House to pass the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act with additional funding for PPP, Hospitals, and Testing. After I sign this Bill, we will begin discussions on the next Legislative Initiative with fiscal relief....
Thousand of Federal Government (delivered) Ventilators found in New York storage. N.Y. must distribute NOW!
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Thank you!
“Anti-Trump Network @CNN doing whatever it can to stoke a national Coronavirus panic. The far left Network pretty much ignoring anyone who they interview who doesn’t blame President Trump.” @trish_regan @FoxNews Media refuses to discuss the great job our professionals are doing!
Great job @PeteHegseth, one of a kind! @foxandfriends
...be on the way, and Americans want safe streets and communities!
Congratulations and thank you to our great Vice President & all of the many professionals doing such a fine job at CDC & all other agencies on the Coronavirus situation. Only a very small number in U.S., & China numbers look to be going down. All countries working well together!
I am pleased to announce that Bill Stepien has been promoted to the role of Trump Campaign Manager. Brad Parscale, who has been with me for a very long time and has led our tremendous digital and data strategies, will remain in that role, while being a Senior Advisor to the...
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LAW & ORDER!
Word is that Mini Mike Bloomberg performed so poorly in the two debates, that he is thinking about dropping out of the Democrat Primary. The fact is, he was not true to himself, and the public was able to quickly figure him out. Not a good experience for Mini Mike!
“Diagnosis positive: @CNN is infected with Trump Derangement Syndrome. I’m calling out CNN for irresponsibly politicizing what should be a unifying battle against a virus that doesn’t choose sides.” @trish_regan @FoxNews Like I say, they are Fake News!
News conference live from the @WhiteHouse today. 5:30 P.M. Eastern!
Joe wants to shut down this Country. I want to keep it OPEN!
Americans across the political spectrum are disgusted by the Washington Democrats’ PaCongratulations to the U.S. Marshals on a job well done in PoThe Do Nothing Democrats were busy wasting time on the Immigration Hoax, & anything else they could do to make the Republican Pa...while sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician — and the Biden family is a criminal enterprise. This makes Crooked Hillary Clinton look like amateur hour!
“Economic impact of Covid-19.” @foxandfriends Very interesting analysis. Light at the end of the tunnel. Thank you!
Joe Biden is the living embodiment of the corrupt political class that enriched itself while draining the economic life and soul from our Country. For the last 47 years, Joe Biden shipped away your jobs, shut down your factories, threw open your borders, and ravaged our cities...
I will be signing my Executive Order prohibiting immigration into our Country today. In the meantime, even without this order, our Southern Border, aided substantially by the 170 miles of new Border Wall & 27,000 Mexican soldiers, is very tight - including for human trafficking!
Will be in the Great State of South Carolina tonight, 7:00 P.M., for a really BIG Rally. Best place to be is a Trump Rally. See you later!
....I will never stop working to secure the release of all Americans held hostage overseas! Thank you Switzerland for your great assistance.
I am to happy announce that Navy Veteran, Michael White, who has been detained by Iran for 683 days, is on a Swiss plane that just left Iranian Airspace. We expect him to be home with his family in America very soon....
To the people of South Carolina, Tom Steyer is a joke, laughed at by everyone, a total incompetent. He made money in coal, now he “hates” coal. Did you see him fawning over Crazy Bernie? Has no chance, a loser for South Carolina, doesn’t deserve your vote!
She is a third rate repoI have instructed the United States Navy to shoot down and destroy any and all Iranian gunboats if they harass our ships at sea.
Very appreciative that @CNN covered the vast majority of the Republican Convention last night. That was really good for CNN, while at the same time being good for our Country. Thank you!
The Radical Left Democrats new theme is “Defund the Police”. Remember that when you don’t want Crime, especially against you and your family. This is where Sleepy Joe is being dragged by the socialists. I am the complete opposite, more money for Law Enforcement! #LAWANDORDER
Worst Polls, just like in 2016 when they were so far off the mark, are the @FoxNews Polls. Why doesn’t Fox finally get a competent Polling Company?
I love Michigan, one of the reasons we are doing such a GREAT job for them during this horrible Pandemic. Yet your Governor, Gretchen “Half” Whitmer is way in over her ahead, she doesn’t have a clue. Likes blaming everyone for her own ineptitude! #MAGA
“You go around Pennsylvania and you see Trump signs everywhere. The Donald Trump situation is bigger than the Reagan Revolution. Donald Trump has inspired us.” @RjHarris15 WHP580
For our Country to be sending 80 million UNSOLICITED BALLOTS is very unfair and a roadmap to disaster. Even recent small and easier to control elections which did this are a catastrophic disaster. Fraudulent & missing Ballots like never seen before. 20% and 30% off. STOP!
...to the UNITED STATES! We have now brought more than 40 American hostages and detainees back home since I took office. Thank you to Iran, it shows a deal is possible!
I love Michigan, one of the reasons we are doing such a GREAT job for them during this horrible Pandemic. Yet your Governor, Gretchen “Half” Whitmer is way in over her head, she doesn’t have a clue. Likes blaming everyone for her own ineptitude! #MAGA
YOU DON’T BURN CHURCHES IN AMERICA!
CDC Director was totally misquoted by Fake News @CNN on Covid 19. He will be putting out a statement.
I am pleased to inform the American Public that Acting Secretary Chad Wolf will be nominated to be the Secretary of Homeland Security. Chad has done an outstanding job and we greatly appreciate his service!
...They must stop calling these anarchists and agitators “peaceful protestors”. Come back into the real world! The Federal Government is ready to end this problem immediately upon your request.
We again request Kate Brown (@OregonGovBrown), the Governor of Oregon, and Mayor @TedWheeler of Po...Michael is Tough, SmaCongratulations to Michael Pack! Nobody has any idea what a big victory this is for America. Why? Because he is going to be running the VOICE OF AMERICA (@VOANews), and everything associated with it...
The problem is not the very talented, low-flying helicopter pilots wanting to save our city, the problem is the arsonists, looters, criminals, and anarchists, wanting to destroy it (and our Country)!
The American people want LAW & ORDER — Joe Biden won’t even say those words!
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:45 P.M. Thank you!
Mini Mike is getting slammed. His debates were, perhaps, the worst in presidential debating history. A total phony who disavowed “Stop & Frisk” after swearing by it for years, and even recently. He horribly overused it, & then dropped when running as a Dem. A total phony!
...in my inner-circle, was totally exhausted by the job, and in the end just slinked away into obscurity. They all want to come back for a piece of the limelight!
John Kelly didn’t know I was going to fire James Mattis, nor did he have any knowledge of my asking for a letter of resignation. Why would I tell him, he was not...
The Dems are working hard to take the prized nomination away from Bernie. Back room politics, which Bernie is not very good at. His people will not let it happen again!
“Police Groups Break With Biden” @politico His handlers want him to “Defund the Police.” I want more money for Law Enforcement!
In addition to nearly $8 billion that Treasury provided tribal communities, @HUDgov is releasing an additional $25 million in #CARESAct funding today to respond to the CoronaVirus with improved housing, indoor air quality, and food pantry suppo80 Million Unsolicited Ballots are impossible for election centers to tabulate accurately. The Democrats know this better than anyone else. The fraud and abuse will be an embarrassment to our Country. Hopefully the Cou....fix it, and fast. The current recipient has no chance, and won’t even try. As I have often said, Baltimore is last in everything, WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE! Kimberly is fully Endorsed by me, something I do not do lightly. Take advantage of it and MAKE BALTIMORE GREAT!
....Baltimore will turn around, and I will help. Crime will go way down, money and jobs will pour in. Life will be MUCH better because Kimberly really cares. The Dems have had 100 years and they gave you nothing but hea....Tax Returns. She’s a mess! Many books have been written about me, some good, some bad. Both happily and sadly, there will be more to come!
....will all end up going to the government anyway. Next up is Mary Trump, a seldom seen niece who knows little about me, says untruthful things about my wonderful parents (who couldn’t stand her!) and me, and violated her NDA. She also broke the Law by givng out my....
...Unrelated, I gave Alaska ANWR, major highways, and more. Get any candidate ready, good or bad, I don’t care, I’m endorsing. If you have a pulse, I’m with you!
Few people know where they’ll be in two years from now, but I do, in the Great State of Alaska (which I love) campaigning against Senator Lisa Murkowski. She voted against HealthCare, Justice Kavanaugh, and much else...
I am pleased to announce the nomination of @RepRatcliffe (Congressman John Ratcliffe) to be Director of National Intelligence (DNI). Would have completed process earlier, but John wanted to wait until after IG RepoBe smaI am the ultimate member of The Book of the Month Club. First I have lowlife dummy John Bolton, a war mongering fool, violating the law (he released massive amounts of Classified Information) and an NDA in order to build badly needed credibility and make a few dollars, which
Sleepy Joe Biden’s 1994 Crime Bill was a total disaster. It was mass incarceration for Black people, many of them innocent. I did Criminal Justice Reform, something Obama & Biden didn’t even try to do - & couldn’t do even if they did try. Biden can never escape his Crime Bill!
Governor should call in the National Guard in Wisconsin. It is ready, willing, and more than able. End problem FAST!
Biden wants to Pack the Supreme CouNobody wants Sleepy Joe as a leader, including the Radical Left (which he lost last night!). He disrespected Bernie, effectively calling him a loser!
Corrupt Joe Biden wants to defund our police. He may use different words, but when you look at his pact with Crazy Bernie, and other things, that’s what he wants to do. It would destroy America!
I hope we can get Admiral @RonnyJackson4TX of Texas, who served our Country so well, into the runoff election in #TX13! Ronny is strong on Crime and Borders, GREAT for our Military and Vets, and will protect your #2A. Get out and vote for Ronny on Tuesday, March 3rd!
Wow! 100,000 Mail In Ballots in New York City a total MESS. Mayor and Governor have no idea what to do. Big Fraud, Unfixable! Cancel Ballots and go out and VOTE, just like in past decades, when there were no problems!
Biden REFUSED to use the term, LAW & ORDER! There go the Suburbs.
South Carolina was GREAT. A BIG & REALLY ENTHUSIASTIC CROWD!
100,000 DEFECTIVE BALLOTS IN NEW YORK. THEY WANT TO REPLACE THEM, BUT WHERE, AND WHAT HAPPENS TO, THE BALLOTS THAT WERE FIRST SENT? THEY WILL BE USED BY SOMEBODY. USA, END THIS SCAM - GO OUT AND VOTE!
Big Ten Football is looking really good, but may lose Michigan, Illinois, and Maryland because of those Governors’ ridiculous lack of interest or political suppoI will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:45 P.M. Thank you!
I will be having a 1:30 P.M. Press Conference at the White House to discuss the latest CoronaVirus developments. Thank you!
Joe Biden could not name a single Law Enforcement group that suppoToday we just passed 1.4 million twitter followers..
I won the debate big, based on compilation of polls etc. Thank you!
Why would I allow the Debate Commission to change the rules for the second and third Debates when I easily won last time?
....My co-chair in Utah and a really great guy. Sean has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Sleepy Joe Biden’s victory in the South Carolina Democrat Primary should be the end of Mini Mike Bloomberg’s Joke of a campaign. After the worst debate performance in the history of presidential debates, Mini Mike now has Biden split up his very few voters, taking many away!
Utah Attorney General Sean Reyes (@SeanReyesUT) is a fighter and hard worker for the Great State of Utah. He is a big suppoOur Economy and Jobs are doing really well. Next Year will be a Record Setter. Stay Tuned!
Democrats are working hard to destroy the name and reputation of Crazy Bernie Sanders, and take the nomination away from him!
Congressman @MikeTurnerOH is a strong suppo.....a very dark and lonely path! Your reputation will never be the same!
Governor @JimJusticeWV is a tremendous fighter for the incredible people of West Virginia. Big Jim is strong on Life, the Second Amendment, and Building the Wall! With Governors like Jim, America will recover and get back to business. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
A Poll in today’s New York Post says that 77% of “U.S. adults have confidence in their government’s ability to handle the Coronavirus (Number One), compared to other health threats.” 64% for Zika, 58% for Ebola. Others way down on list. Our professionals are doing a great job!
People are disgusted and embarrassed by the Fake News Media, as headed by the @nytimes, @washingtonpost, @comcast & MSDNC, @ABC, @CBSNews and more. They no longer believe what they see and read, and for good reason. Fake News is, indeed, THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Saddened to hear the news of civil rights hero John Lewis passing. Melania and I send our prayers to he and his family.
Getting VERY good reviews of the job the Federal Government is doing on CoronaVirus. Ventilators, building hospitals, beds and yes, Testing, have been handled incredibly well. Testing is getting exponentially better every day. Love seeing our Country safely opening up!
Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity at 9:00. Enjoy!@FoxNews
Our Country wants to move safely forward. There is a tremendous pent up demand. We will open big!
Just In: Chinese State Media and Leaders of CHINA want Biden to win “the U.S. Election”. If this happened (which it won’t), China would own our Country, and our Record Setting Stock Markets would literally CRASH!
Breaking: Michigan sends absentee ballots to 7.7 million people ahead of Primaries and the General Eection. This was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue Secretary of State. I will ask to hold up funding to Michigan if they want to go down this Voter Fraud path!...
Watch Mark Levin interview of Charlie Kirk tonight at 11:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Amazing!!! And, while you’re at it, go get Charlie’s new book, “The MAGA Doctrine: The Only Ideas That Will Win the Future”...This is a really GREAT book. SuppoGreat conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic if Equador. We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators, of which we have recently manufactured many, and helping them in other ways. They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus!
...TODAY, I will be sending federal law enforcement and the National Guard to Kenosha, WI to restore LAW and ORDER!
We will NOT stand for looting, arson, violence, and lawlessness on American streets. My team just got off the phone with Governor Evers who agreed to accept federal assistance (PoJust spoke to President Nayib Bukele of El Salvador. Will be helping them with Ventilators, which are desperately needed. They have worked well with us on immigration at the Southern Border!
I (or @VP) never gave Governor Brian Kemp an OK on those few businesses outside of the Guidelines. FAKE NEWS! Spas, beauty salons, tattoo parlors, & barber shops should take a little slower path, but I told the Governor to do what is right for the great people of Georgia (& USA)!
“The Democrat PaWe are trying to help PoWill be having a Labor Day News Conference today at the White House, 1:00 P.M. Jobs number, and the Economic comeback, are looking GREAT. Happy Labor Day!
Great News! Randall Stephenson, the CEO of heavily indebted AT&T, which owns and presides over Fake News @CNN, is leaving, or was forced out. Anyone who lets a garbage “network” do and say the things that CNN does, should leave ASAP. Hopefully replacement will be much better!
Great conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic of Equador. We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators, of which we have recently manufactured many, and helping them in other ways. They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus!
Biden Underperforming! @OANN What else is new, the story of his life.
Just spoke to President Juan Orlando Hernandez of the Republic of Honduras. We work closely together on the Southern Border. Will be helping him with his request for Ventilators and Testing.
10.6 Million Jobs Created In Just 4 Months, A Record!!!
So we catch Obama & Biden, not to even mention the rest of their crew, SPYING on my campaign, AND NOTHING HAPPENS? I hope not! If it were the other way around, 50 years for treason. NEVER FORGET!!!!
Great conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic of Ecuador. We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators, of which we have recently manufactured many, and helping them in other ways. They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus!
Biggest and Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be the best ever, unless a Sleepy person, who wants to massively raise your taxes, gets in. I’m which case, CRASH!!!
Chris had a tough night. Two on one was not surprising, but fun. Many impoNo Contest. Steve blows him away. So impoWe are United in our effoJust heard that Wacko John Bolton was talking of the fact that I discussed “love letters from Kim Jong Un” as though I viewed them as just that. Obviously, was just being sarcastic. Bolton was such a jerk!
I will never let our Post Office fail. It has been mismanaged for years, especially since the advent of the internet and modern-day technology. The people that work there are great, and we’re going to keep them happy, healthy, and well!
I am meeting with the major pharmaceutical companies today at the White House about progress on a vaccine and cure. Progress being made!
Biggest & Fastest Financial Recovery In History. Next year will be BEST EVER, unless a very Sleepy person becomes President and massively raises your taxes - In which case, CRASH!
Tremendous progress being made on Vaccines and Therapeutics!!!
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Thank you!
You will never hear this on the Fake News concerning the China Virus, but by comparison to most other countries, who are suffering greatly, we are doing very well - and we have done things that few other countries could have done!
Tonight, @FLOTUS and I tested positive for COVID-19. We will begin our quarantine and recovery process immediately. We will get through this TOGETHER!
“Ever since (Mini Mike) Bloomberg’s bad debate performances, his suppo“In my view General Flynn should never have been prosecuted in the first place.” @Judgenap Judge Andrew Napolitano @foxandfriends
I was criticized by the Democrats when I closed the Country down to China many weeks ahead of what almost everyone recommended. Saved many lives. Dems were working the Impeachment Hoax. They didn’t have a clue! Now they are fear mongering. Be calm & vigilant!
Congratulations to Dustin Johnson @DJohnsonPGA on not only a great winning streak and golf season, but on capping it off with a fantastic @PGA Tour Championship and becoming the 2020 FEDEXCUP Champion. Dustin is a true WINNER in so many ways!
Strong Stock Market Numbers. You want to see them dive? Vote for the Radical Left with their BIG Tax Hikes!
Jack Welch, former Chairman and CEO of GE, a business legend, has died. There was no corporate leader like “neutron” Jack. He was my friend and suppoThank you to William Perry Pendley of the Bureau of Land Management. Great job on @TuckerCarlson describing some of the most beautiful land in the world! @FoxNews
Heading to Minnesota today. Saved Minneapolis after the Dem LEFT almost let it be TOTALLY destroyed! #MAGA
....competitive disadvantage. We should be leading, not following!
As usual, Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve are slow to act. Germany and others are pumping money into their economies. Other Central Banks are much more aggressive. The U.S. should have, for all of the right reasons, the lowest Rate. We don’t, putting us at a.....
.@FoxNews is working hard pushing the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats. They want to be, unlike their competitors, @CNN & MSDNC (Comcast), Fair & Balanced. When will they ever learn. The Radical Left never even gave @FoxNews permission to paThank you to the people of Colorado for the warm and gracious notes and letters sent to me for all of the Ventilators we got for you. It was my great honor! @SenCoryGardner
The only people in favor of Mini Mike continuing with his hapless campaign are me and his political consultants, who are getting richer and richer by the day!
Going welI, I think! Thank you to all. LOVE!!!
Breaking: Michigan sends absentee ballots to 7.7 million people ahead of Primaries and the General Election. This was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue Secretary of State. I will ask to hold up funding to Michigan if they want to go down this Voter Fraud path!..
We MUST protect our National Parks for our children and grandchildren. I am calling on the House to pass the GREAT AMERICAN OUTDOORS ACT today. Thanks @SenCoryGardner and @SteveDaines for all your work on this HISTORIC BILL!
Congratulations to wonderful Charles Payne on having been so optimistic, and therefore correct. Market up BIG!!!
Oh no, the Dems are worried again. The only one that can kill this comeback is Sleepy Joe Biden!
Monday morning 7:30 AM I'll be on @foxandfriends. Tune in!
Doctors, Nurses and ALL at the GREAT Walter Reed Medical Center, and others from likewise incredible institutions who have joined them, are AMAZING!!!Tremendous progress has been made over the last 6 months in fighting this PLAGUE. With their help, I am feeling well!
Just spoke to Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed Ali of Ethiopia. His Country needs Ventilators, and the U.S. is in good position to help him. We will!
It’s a stupendous number. It’s joyous, let’s call it like it is. The Market was right. It’s stunning! @jimcramer @CNBC
OUR GREAT USA WANTS & NEEDS STIMULUS. WORK TOGETHER AND GET IT DONE. Thank you!
It is a wonderful feeling to know that our States are loaded up with Ventilators, many brand new and high quality just off of our production lines, and that we are now in a position to help other countries that so desperately need them. Every person needing a Ventilator got one!
It is a stunner by any stretch of the imagination! @CNBC
We have now Tested more than 5 Million People. That is more than any other country in the World, and even more than all major countries combined!
The Do Nothing Democrats are spending much of their money on Fake Ads. I never said that the CoronaVirus is a “Hoax”, I said that the Democrats, and the way they lied about it, are a Hoax. Also, it did sta"Believe you can and you're halfway there."--Pres. Theodore Roosevelt"
Michelle Fischbach (@FischbachMN7) is running for Congress in Minnesota. She Strongly SuppoWas just informed that the Fake News from the Thursday White House Press Conference had me speaking & asking questions of Dr. Deborah Birx. Wrong, I was speaking to our Laboratory expeLiz Cheney is only upset because I have been actively getting our great and beautiful Country out of the ridiculous and costly Endless Wars. I am also making our so-called allies pay tens of billions of dollars in delinquent military costs. They must, at least, treat us fairly!!!
What is the purpose of having White House News Conferences when the Lamestream Media asks nothing but hostile questions, & then refuses to repoMany more people would have died from the China Virus if Sleepy Joe were your President. He didn’t even want me to close our Country to Infected China until TWO MONTHS later, when he said I was right. Now he likes to say I didn’t close up “fast enough”. Just another politician!
Remember, the Cure can’t be worse than the problem itself. Be careful, be safe, use common sense!
I never said the pandemic was a Hoax! Who would say such a thing? I said that the Do Nothing Democrats, together with their Mainstream Media pa“Really great numbers by any standard - UNBELIEVABLE!” @JoeSquawk Joe go it right also!
.@CardinalDolan Thank you for a great call yesterday with Catholic Leaders, and a great Service today from @stpatrickscath!
...over the last number of nights. If she doesn’t treat these men and women well, then we’ll bring in a different group of men and women!
Congresswoman Kay @GrangerCampaign has worked hard for Texas and been a strong suppo.@CardinalDolan Thank you for a great call yesterday with Catholic Leaders, and a great Service today from @StPatsNYC!
I work from early in the morning until late at night, haven’t left the White House in many months (except to launch Hospital Ship ComfoThe incompetent Mayor of Washington, D.C., @MayorBowser, who’s budget is totally out of control and is constantly coming back to us for “handouts”, is now fighting with the National Guard, who saved her from great embarrassment...
The people that know me and know the history of our Country say that I am the hardest working President in history. I don’t know about that, but I am a hard worker and have probably gotten more done in the first 3 1/2 years than any President in history. The Fake News hates it!
....Lawsuits should be brought against all, including the Fake News Organizations, to rectify this terrible injustice. For all of the great lawyers out there, do we have any takers? When will the Noble Committee Act? Better be fast!
....fraud @donnabrazile (and others who are even worse). Chris Wallace is nastier to Republicans than even Deface the Nation or Sleepy Eyes. The people who are watching @FoxNews, in record numbers (thank you President Trump), are angry. They want an alternative now. So do I!
....Even the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats laughed at the Fox suggestion. No respect for the people running @FoxNews. But Fox keeps on plugging to try and become politically correct. They put RINO Paul Ryan on their Board. They hire “debate questions to Crooked Hillary”....
Just landed in Minnesota. Hasn’t been won by a Republican since 1972, and we saved Minneapolis. Also opened the massive and beautiful Iron Range, which Obama and Sleepy Joe closed. Thousands of jobs staSo weird to watch @FoxNews interviewing only failed Dems, like Represenative Tim Ryan of Ohio, who got zero percent in his recent presidential run, and following Sleepy Joe’s train to wherever. What a difference from the past - But we will win anyway!!!
RepoLeaving Minneapolis for a quick stop in Duluth to celebrate the opening of the Obama CLOSED Iron Range. My great honor!!!
Does anybody get the meaning of what a so-called Noble (not Nobel) Prize is, especially as it peLaura, just another Fake News RepoThe Real Polls are staJane Fonda and Michael Douglas look great!
Try getting a new Anchor and a sma....And because of weak and pathetic Democrat leadership, this thuggery is happening in other Democrat run cities and states. Must shut them down fast. Biden and his most Liberal in Senate running mate, Kamala, won’t even talk about it. They won’t utter the words, LAW & ORDER!
BLM Protesters horribly harass elderly Pittsburgh diners, scaring them with loud taunts while taking their food right off their plate. These Anarchists, not protesters, are Biden voters, but he has no control and nothing to say. Disgraceful. Never seen anything like it. Thugs!
So when will something significant happen to James Comey? Got caught cold. He is either very dumb, or one of the worst liars in political history. TOO LONG. EMBARRASSING!
HIGHEST CABLE TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. SECOND HIGHEST OVERALL TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME. Some day these Fake Media Companies are going to miss me, very badly!!!
“I’m voting for Donald Trump. My father is a Union Worker and his 401K has tripled under President Trump.” USA Voter. @foxandfriends Thank you, and remember that the Stock Market is getting ready to break its all time high. NEXT YEAR WILL BE THE BEST EVER. VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!!!!!
Wind Power is proving to be very costly and unsightly.
IF YOU WANT A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE, THE BIGGEST IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY (AND ONE THAT WILL SHUT OUR ECONOMY AND JOBS DOWN), VOTE DEMOCRAT!!!
Virginia Voters! Your Governor wants to obliterate your Second Amendment. I have stopped him. I am the only thing between you and your Second Amendment. Working hard in Virginia. It’s IN PLAY. Better Vote for your favorite President, or wave goodbye to low taxes and gun rights!
STOCK MARKET HIGHS. VOTE!
STRONGEST EVER MILITARY. VOTE!
LAW & ORDER. VOTE!
BIGGEST TAX CUT EVER, AND ANOTHER ONE COMING. VOTE!
Because the CORRUPT MEDIA doesn’t want to show all of our good work in that it will hu401(K). VOTE!
BEST V.A. EVER. 91% APPROVAL RATING. VOTE!
SPACE FORCE. VOTE!
MASSIVE REGULATION CUTS. VOTE!
PRO LIFE! VOTE!
The Democrats have stated strongly that they won’t approve a Payroll Tax Cut (too bad!). It would be great for workers. The Republicans, therefore, didn’t want to ask for it. Dems, as usual, are huBETTER & CHEAPER HEALTHCARE. VOTE!
The Suburban Housewives of America must read this aPROTECT PREEXISTING CONDITIONS. VOTE!
White House Press Conference at 5:15 P.M. Live!
FIGHT THE CORRUPT FAKE NEWS MEDIA. VOTE!
SAVE OUR SECOND AMENDMENT. VOTE!
PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH (BRING OUR SOLDIERS HOME). VOTE!
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!!!
It is repoThere has never been, in the history of our Country, a more vicious or hostile Lamestream Media than there is right now, even in the midst of a National Emergency, the Invisible Enemy!
The great Jim Ryun will be honored this morning at the White House with the presentation of The Presidential Medal of Freedom. Congratulations to Jim and the entire Ryun family. 11:00 A.M. @foxandfriends @FoxNews @OANN
I will be leaving the great Walter Reed Medical Center today at 6:30 P.M. Feeling really good! Don’t be afraid of Covid. Don’t let it dominate your life. We have developed, under the Trump Administration, some really great drugs & knowledge. I feel better than I did 20 years ago!
Great job by @elonmusk in agreeing to build, in TEXAS, what is expected to be the largest auto plant anywhere in the world. He kept his word to me. Texas & @Tesla are big winners. MADE IN THE USA!
FAKE NEWS, THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Why should the people and taxpayers of America be bailing out poorly run states (like Illinois, as example) and cities, in all cases Democrat run and managed, when most of the other states are not looking for bailout help? I am open to discussing anything, but just asking?
I spoke to highly respected (Chairman) Senator @JimInhofe, who has informed me that he WILL NOT be changing the names of our great Military Bases and FoSTOCK MARKET UP BIG, 466 Points! 28,149. Great News for America. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania & West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an....
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Thank you!
Fredo’s got a convicted lier for a lawyer, who may be going back to jail for an even longer time - additional lies to Congress. Many more tapes of him with Fredo and other media scum repoWill be back on the Campaign Trail soon!!! The Fake News only shows the Fake Polls.
If Biden’s Polling wasn’t going down, and fast, he wouldn’t be going to Pittsburgh.
Great! Biden is finally being forced out of his basement. Now you’ll be able to see what is going on “up there”. He may do some “limited” campaigning. Basement Biden is no longer playing well in the Polls!
So Obama and his team of lowlifes spied on my campaign, and got caught - Open and shut case! More papers released today which are devastating to them. Will they ever pay the price? The political Crime of the Century!
“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital. You see it in Registrations, from Florida to Pennsylvania & West Virginia, where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1. If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail, he will be an....
....invincible hero, who not only survived every diNew York City must stop the Shutdown now. The Governor & Mayor are destroying the place!
Great new book by @PastorDScott called “Nothing to Lose”. The Pastor is a winner and a great guy. Much can be learned from him. Buy the book. Make him a Big Deal Author!
Biden and Democrats just clarified the fact that they are fully in favor of (very) LATE TERM ABOWe are doing far more, and better, Testing than any other country in the world, and yet the media does nothing but complain. No matter how good a job is done, the same as with the Ventilators, they will never say we are doing a great job, they will only viciously gripe!
My Campaign spent a lot of money up front in order to compensate for the false repoMany States moving to SAFELY & QUICKLY reopen!
Suburban voters are pouring into the Republican PaFEELING GREAT!
Texas to open businesses in phases beginning Friday. Great job being done by @GregAbbott_TX
I am looking forward to the debate on the evening of Thursday, October 15th in Miami. It will be great!
Mini Mike Bloomberg, who made a fool of himself on the Dems debate stage when Elizabeth Warren & the others simply took him apa....Like I did in the 2016 Primaries, if more money is needed, which I doubt it will be, I will put it up!
...to viYesterday I signed four measures that will massively reduce the prices of prescription drugs, in many cases by more than 50%. Nothing like this has ever been done before because Big Pharma, with its vast power, would not let it happen. Expensive Insulin went from big dollars.....
The Fake News Media refuses to discuss how good the Economy and Stock Market, including JOBS under the Trump Administration, are doing. We will soon be in RECORD TERRITORY. All they want to discuss is COVID 19, where they won’t say it, but we beat the Dems all day long, also!!!
Democrats admit that President Trump’s message is “working” on violence coming to the Suburbs in a Looney Biden Administration. Plus, Biden just doubled down on forcing Federal control of local zoning. This means low income housing and projects. So much for the American Dream!
LAW & ORDER!
REPEAL SECTION 230!!!
The Democrats in the House are trying to undo my big win Travel Ban Bill, which successfully keeps very bad and dangerous people out of our great Country. Passed along paMuch smaller crowd in D.C. than anticipated. National Guard, Secret Service, and D.C. Police have been doing a fantastic job. Thank you!
Did anyone get to see that absolute “Joke” of a Town Hall interview that Joe Biden did with Concast @NBCNews , hosted by Lester Holt? What a disgrace to our Country that FREE public airwaves can be used that way. All SOFTBALLS. A big FIX. Time should be paid by the corrupt DNC!
Sleepy Joe Biden has pledged to ABOLISH Suburban Communites as they currently exist by reinstating Obama’s radical AFFH Regulation. There goes Suburbia!
...also coming back in record numbers. We are leading the World in Economic Recovery, and THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
.@CNN & MSDNC are doing everything possible to “inflame” the crowd. Fo...@senatemajldr Mitch McConnell not to delay, but to instead focus full time on approving my outstanding nominee to the United States Supreme CouNancy Pelosi is asking for $2.4 Trillion Dollars to bailout poorly run, high crime, Democrat States, money that is in no way related to COVID-19. We made a very generous offer of $1.6 Trillion Dollars and, as usual, she is not negotiating in good faith. I am rejecting their...
Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Democrats want to “DEFUND THE POLICE”. I want great and well paid LAW ENFORCEMENT. I want LAW & ORDER!
...request, and looking to the future of our Country. I have instructed my representatives to stop negotiating until after the election when, immediately after I win, we will pass a major Stimulus Bill that focuses on hardworking Americans and Small Business. I have asked...
I have just given an order for our National Guard to staNot only will Sleepy Joe Biden DEFUND THE POLICE, but he will DEFUND OUR MILITARY! He has no choice, the Dems are controlled by the Radical Left.
How does Biden lead in Pennsylvania Polls when he is against Fracking (JOBS!), 2nd Amendment and Religion? Fake Polls. I will win Pennsylvania!
Colin Powell, a real stiff who was very responsible for getting us into the disastrous Middle East Wars, just announced he will be voting for another stiff, Sleepy Joe Biden. Didn’t Powell say that Iraq had “weapons of mass destruction?” They didn’t, but off we went to WAR!
Fantastic job on @foxandfriends by new Republican Superstar @SeanParnellUSA, running for Congress (with my complete & total Endorsement) against a Crazy Nancy Pelosi Puppet (who has done nothing!), & a slightly older Republican Superstar, @GovMikeHuckabee. Thank you to both!
Somebody please tell highly overrated Colin Powell that I will have gotten almost 300 Federal Judges approved (a record), Two Great Supreme CouRepublicans need to get sma....And to Joy, his wonderful wife who he loved so much, my warmest condolences!!!
One of the greats in the history of television, Regis Philbin has passed on to even greater airwaves, at 88. He was a fantastic person, and my friend. He kept telling me to run for President. Holds the record for “most live television”, and he did it well. Regis, we love you....
At the request of @SenJohnKennedy & @SenBillCassidy of the Great State of Louisiana, I will be approving & signing today an EMERGENCY DECLARATION which will help with all aspects of the big storm that is currently hitting your shores. FEMA is already there. God Bless You!
This week you had Joe Biden call Arizona a CITY. Nothing matters with him, however, because the Opposition PaI have fully authorized the total Declassification of any & all documents pePolice Chief, and most of the police in Rochester, N.Y., have resigned. The Democrat Mayor and, of courses, Governor Cuomo, have no idea what to do. New York State is a mess - No Money, High Taxes & Crime, Everyone Fleeing. November 3rd. We can fix it!
Just landed in No"Donald Trump" song is up to almost 60 million hits---- crazy!"
Unlike Senator Manchin, Big Jim Justice was very loyal to your favorite President during Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam. Big Jim is doing a tremendous job for West Virginia. Vote for Big Jim! #MAGA
Crazy Nancy Pelosi said I made a mistake when I banned people from infected China from entering the U.S. in January. Tens of thousands of lives were saved, as she danced in the Streets of Chinatown (SF) in late February. Biden agreed with her, but soon admitted that I was right!
Congressman Mark Amodei (@AmodeiForNevada) is working hard for the incredible people of Nevada! He is Strong on Immigration, Taxes, Job Creation and he Loves our Military and Vets. Mark has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #NV02 #MAGA
.@seanhannity will be talking about the big NoThe Trump Campaign has more ENTHUSIASM, according to many, than any campaign in the history of our great Country - Even more than 2016. Biden has NONE! The Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER THIRD!!! Fake Suppression Polls & Fake News will not save the Radical Left.
.@RonnyJackson4TX is a spectacular man. An Admiral in the Navy, he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets. As a medical doctor, Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes, the Border and the Second Amendment...
Governor Doug Burgum (@DougForDakota) is doing a phenomenal job leading NoThere is NO WAY a place like Pennsylvania can vote for the Radical Left and their puppet, Joe Biden, when they are against fracking, steel production, and just about everything else that Pennsylvania stands for. Likewise, Texas, and many other states!!!
Because of my strong focus on the China Virus, including scheduled meetings on Vaccines, our economy and much else, I won’t be able to be in New York to throw out the opening pitch for the @Yankees on August 15th. We will make it later in the season!
New FDA Rules make it more difficult for them to speed up vaccines for approval before Election Day. Just another political hit job! @SteveFDA
“If Biden had any passion or respect for law enforcement, he kept it well hidden in his Philadelphia address. He criticized cops far more than he did arsonists & looters.” Michael Goodwin, @nypost
All Russia Hoax Scandal information was Declassified by me long ago. UnfoThank you Winston-Salem, NoOpinion Editor at @nytimes just walked out. That’s right, he quit over the excellent Op-Ed penned by our great Senator @TomCottonAR. TRANSPARENCY! The State of Arkansas is very proud of Tom. The New York Times is Fake News!!!
The 2020 Election will be totally rigged if Mail-In Voting is allowed to take place, & everyone knows it. So much time is taken talking about foreign influence, but the same people won’t even discuss Mail-In election corruption. Look at Patterson, N.J. 20% of vote was corrupted!
The “protesters” are actually anarchists who hate our Country. The line of innocent “mothers” were a scam that Lamestream refuses to acknowledge, just like they don’t repoI built the greatest economy in the World, the best the U.S. has ever had. I am doing it again!
If I wasn’t constantly harassed for three years by fake and illegal investigations, Russia, Russia, Russia, and the Impeachment Hoax, I’d be up by 25 points on Sleepy Joe and the Do Nothing Democrats. Very unfair, but it is what it is!!!
Colin Powell was a pathetic interview today on Fake News CNN. In his time, he was weak & gave away everything to everybody - so bad for the USA. Also got the “weapons of mass destruction” totally wrong, and you know what that mistake cost us? Sad! Only negative questions asked.
Could it be even remotely possible that in Roger Goodell’s rather interesting statement of peace and reconciliation, he was intimating that it would now be O.K. for the players to KNEEL, or not to stand, for the National Anthem, thereby disrespecting our Country & our Flag?
LAW & ORDER, NOT DEFUND AND ABOLISH THE POLICE. The Radical Left Democrats have gone Crazy!
The Lamestream Media refuses to talk about our Country’s record setting Jobs Numbers, which are indicating GREATNESS, and soon!
11,00 NoWe will be substantially LOWERING Medicare Premiums and Prescription Drug Prices, bringing them down to levels that were not thought possible!
This year has seen the lowest crime numbers in our Country’s recorded history, and now the Radical Left Democrats want to Defund and Abandon our Police. Sorry, I want LAW & ORDER!
I have retained highly respected pollster, McLaughlin & Associates, to analyze todays CNN Poll (and others), which I felt were FAKE based on the incredible enthusiasm we are receiving. Read analysis for yourself. This is the same thing they and others did when we defeated...
Great to be in Texas!
NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH!
Today we join millions of baseball fans and PueNew York Mail-In voting is in a disastrous state of condition. Votes from many weeks ago are missing - a total mess. They have no idea what is going on. Rigged Election. I told you so. Same thing would happen, but on massive scale, with USA. Fake News refuses to repoBuffalo protester shoved by Police could be an ANTIFA provocateur. 75 year old Ma...I’ll take the Endorsement of Law Enforcement all over the Country, and Joe can have the RINO’S. This Snyder mess was made during the OBiden era - no wonder they’re friends!
...These are horrendous people that we must defeat on November 3rd!
Poll: Trump Better Than Biden On Economic Growth, 55% to 34%. That’s all? Who are the 34%?
Germany pays Russia billions of dollars a year for Energy, and we are supposed to protect Germany from Russia. What’s that all about? Also, Germany is very delinquent in their 2% fee to NATO. We are therefore moving some troops out of Germany!
...Secret Service would not allow the trip to the cemetery based on very bad weather and security concerns. Now these low-life Biden handlers are making commercials of this fictional statement, with no proof, and think they can get away with it...
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Mail-In Voting is already proving to be a catastrophic disaster. Even testing areas are way off. The Dems talk of foreign influence in voting, but they know that Mail-In Voting is an easy way for foreign countries to enter the race. Even beyond that, there’s no accurate count!
She is far fuMajor China Virus flare ups in many of the countries that the Fake News was touting as doing so well. Some of these countries are now a disaster. Lamestream Media doesn’t want to repo...If in doubt, ask why the bill withholds $12 billion in highway funds until local authorities agree to federal control? I will protect the suburbs. Biden will destroy the suburbs!
Fake News asks why I bring up Booker. It’s because Biden suppo.@WhiteHouse TRANSITION TO GREATNESS!
For years Fake stories and investigations, then the phony Russia, Russia, Russia HOAX, next Ukraine and the failed Impeachment, now the crummy Atlantic Magazine’s MADE UP STORY, and lastly, the political hit job by rapidly fading Bob Woodward and his boring book. It never ends!
Homeland Security or Federal Forces are little involved in Seattle, other than we have a large standby team in case of emergency. The media is calling that one wrong also. In PoWith Universal Mail-In Voting (not Absentee Voting, which is good), 2020 will be the most INACCURATE & FRAUDULENT Election in history. It will be a great embarrassment to the USA. Delay the Election until people can properly, securely and safely vote???
THE REAWAKENING OF AMERICA!
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @FoxNews - NOW!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My friend Herman Cain, a Powerful Voice of Freedom and all that is good, passed away this morning. Herman had an incredible career and was adored by everyone that ever met him, especially me. He was a very special man, an American Patriot, and great friend. I just got off...
We are going to WIN the 2020 Election, BIG! #MAGA
Where are all of the arrests? Can you imagine if the roles were reversed? Long term sentences would have staMust know Election results on the night of the Election, not days, months, or even years later!
He’s been a wacko for years, and everyone knows it. The Lamestream Media is stuck with him and they are just now trying to clean up his act. Notice how all of the bad things, like his very low IQ, are no longer repoFake News is at it again! They will take any statement from me, no matter how proper or well delivered, & systematically, in complete conjunction with all of their allies, dismantle it. With Biden, they only give him softballs, and let him read the answers from a teleprompter!
NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT COUGHT COLD IN THE (NON) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT, IN FACT, THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP, WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS. PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE!
So disgusting to watch Twitter’s so-called “Trending”, where sooo many trends are about me, and never a good one. They look for anything they can find, make it as bad as possible, and blow it up, trying to make it trend. Really ridiculous, illegal, and, of course, very unfair!
We just got 50% in Rasmussen, and much higher in our internal polls. We are doing a new ad campaign on Sleepy Joe Biden that will be out on Monday. He has been brought even fuMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE REAL OPPOSITION PA....would destroy our American cities, and worse, if Sleepy Joe Biden, the puppet of the Left, ever won. Markets would crash and cities would burn. Our Country would suffer like never before. We will beat the Virus, soon, and go on to the Golden Age - better than ever before!
Pelosi & Schumer have no interest in making a deal that is good for our Country and our People. All they want is a trillion dollars, and much more, for their Radical Left Governed States, most of which are doing very badly. It is called a BAILOUT for many years of bad Dem Mgmt!
Early voting and vote-by-mail staNow @FoxNews is putting on yet another loser, Jamie Weinstein, into their stable of Trump haters. People who failed for many years are now going on Fox to explain “Trump”. Schumer puppet Chris Hahn and his twin brother, Richard Goodstein, together with cheater Donna Brazil. Bad!
Very disappointed in @SenSchumer for blocking the temporary extension of the $600 unemployment benefits. The Do Nothing Democrats are more interested in playing politics than in helping our deserving people. DRAIN THE SWAMP ON NOVEMBER 3RD!
Kim Jong Un is in good health. Never underestimate him!
The Democrats are holding back the $1,200 to $3,400 (family of four) checks that were ready to be sent out!
We have more Cases because we do more Testing. It’s Lamestream Media Gold!
Mike Pence is doing GREAT! She is a gaffe machine.
Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:00 P.M. Eastern.
“Nadler calls ANTIFA violence a MYTH.” @foxandfriends They are Anarchists with miles of “tape” showing their illegal activity. Jerry, blame it on Russia, Russia, Russia!
Payroll Tax Cut plus Dollars!
....be able to produce what I have. So when you see those nasty ads from Big Pharma remember, the only reason they are going all out is the massive PRICE REDUCTIONS you are getting - not good for them. Plus, I was only President in 51 years that got a Prescription D reduction!
Big Pharma is taking television ads trying to make the case that I am raising prescription drug prices on seniors. The ad is a lie! What I have done will lead to a 50% REDUCTION in prices, at least, & Big Pharma is not happy about it. No other President would....
Peggy Noonan, a “Concast” MSDNC @WSJ puppet, doesn’t have a clue, and hasn’t for many years. Never got the “Trump thing”. She plays right into the hands of the stupid people!
Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:30 P.M. Eastern.
Washington is wasting over $2 billion this year on Solyndra type loans. Yet they want to cut military spending.
“Biden to raise taxes by 3 Trillion Dollars.” Actually, it will be much more than that, and much of it on nonsense. Markets and your 401k’s will CRASH. Jobs will disappear!
Landing in the Great State of Michigan now. See you soon!
Mike Pence WON BIG!
When we win I, as your President, will totally forgive ALL deferred payroll taxes with money from the General Fund. I will ALWAYS protect Seniors and your Social Security! Sleepy Joe Biden will do the opposite, he will raise your taxes and DESTROY our Country!
...the vaccine, destroy the suburbs, erase your borders, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies!
On November 3rd, Michigan will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Sleepy Joe Biden to impose a $4 TRILLION DOLLAR TAX HIKE, ban American Energy, confiscate your guns, shutdown the economy, shutdown auto production, delay...
If a Republican LIED like Biden and Harris do, constantly, the Lamestream Media would be calling them out at a level never recorded before. For one year they called for No Fracking and big Tax Increases. Now they each say opposite. Fake News is working oveThe Great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania would absolutely die without the jobs and dollars brought in by Fracking. Massive numbers! Now Biden & Harris, after Radical Left Dem Primaries, are trying to change their stance. Pennsylvania wants Energy and Second Amendment!
“The Plus, Self-Help for People Who Hate Self-Help”, by the very smaJoe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling oh H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!
Congratulations to JPMorgan Chase for ordering everyone BACK TO OFFICE on September 21st. Will always be better than working from home!
Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK! He was a disaster in his handling of H1N1 Swine Flu. He didn’t have a clue, with his own Chief of Staff so saying. If he were in charge, perhaps 2.2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease!
LAW & ORDER!
Sleepy Joe Biden is just a Trojan Horse for the Radical Left Agenda. He will do whatever they want!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
BIG bucks are on their way to @ILMairpoI am designating $18.9 million from @USDOT to MANY airpoAnother HISTORIC breakthrough today! Our two GREAT friends Israel and the Kingdom of Bahrain agree to a Peace Deal – the second Arab country to make peace with Israel in 30 days!
I am in @AirForceOne_HQ flying to the Great State of Texas. It is AMAZING in watching @FoxNews how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!
If Congress doesn’t bring fairness to Big Tech, which they should have done years ago, I will do it myself with Executive Orders. In Washington, it has been ALL TALK and NO ACTION for years, and the people of our Country are sick and tired of it!
...Your housing prices will go up based on the market, and crime will go down. I have rescinded the Obama-Biden AFFH Rule. Enjoy!
...With Biden, drug prices will quadruple! After many years, the game is finally up for Big Pharma, and they’re NOT HAPPY about it! Please understand that when you see their negative ads!
Great honor to have the endorsement of the Governor of PuePelosi and Schumer want Trillions of Dollars of BAILOUT money for Blue States that are doing badly, both economically and in terms of high crime, as a condition to making a deal on stimulus - But the USA is coming back strong!
I was on Air Force One flying to the Great State of Texas, where I just landed. It is AMAZING in watching @FoxNews how different they are from four years ago. Not even watchable. They totally forgot who got them where they are!
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews Enjoy!
THANK YOU to the 28,000+ Firefighters and other First Responders who are battling wildfires across California, Oregon, and Washington. I have approved 37 Stafford Act Declarations, including Fire Management Grants to suppo...do not stop the Crime and Violence from the Anarchists and Agitators immediately, the Federal Government will go in and do the job that local law enforcement was supposed to do!
If the Federal Government and its brilliant Law Enforcement (Homeland) didn’t go into PoBiden is against Oil, Guns and Religion, a very bad combination to be fighting in the Great State of Texas. We are Winning Big, in the Real Polls, all over the Country!!! NOVEMBER 3rd. VOTE!!!
...I do not tolerate ANY extreme violence. Defending ALL Americans, even those who oppose and attack me, is what I will always do as your President! Governor Whitmer—open up your state, open up your schools, and open up your churches!
The Gallup Poll has just come out with the incredible finding that 56% of you say that you are better off today, during a pandemic, than you were four years ago (OBiden). Highest number on record! Pretty amazing!
I'll be on Greta Van Susteren's show tonight at 10 PM on FoxNews. Tune in.
Madison is a star who loves the USA and his Great State, NoSteve Scully, the second Debate Moderator, is a Never Trumper, just like the son of the great Mike Wallace. Fix!!!
Crazy Nancy Pelosi is looking at the 25th Amendment in order to replace Joe Biden with Kamala Harris. The Dems want that to happen fast because Sleepy Joe is out of it!!!
Was in the Great State of Texas this week and explained that the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats, headed up by their great leader, Sleepy Joe Biden (who never leaves his basement), are strongly against “Oil, Gas, Guns, & God”. Must be tough to win Texas on that platform!
Just got a briefing on Hurricane Delta rushing toward Louisiana and Mississippi. @fema is there and ready!!!
Covid Relief Negotiations are moving along. Go Big!
Will be doing show with @RushLimbaughEIB at 12:00 P.M. TALK RADIO. ENJOY!!!
Breaking News: 50,000 OHIO VOTERS getting WRONG ABSENTEE BALLOTS. Out of control. A Rigged Election!!!
.@SteveScully, the Never Trumper next debate moderator, got caught cold. Pulled out the old, “I’ve been hacked”, line. That never works. His bosses are furious at him as he’s lost all credibility!
Big China Virus breakouts all over the World, including nations which were thought to have done a great job. The Fake News doesn’t repoDocuments reveal that General Flynn was entrapped! @EveningEdit @FoxNews
When you see the Drug Companies taking massive television ads against me, forget what they say (which is false), YOU KNOW THAT DRUG PRICES ARE COMING DOWN, BIG. Favored Nations Clause means USA will pay the lowest price of any nation in the World. Never done before. Watch!!!
Great to have NASA Astronauts return to EaChina owes us money.... Astronauts complete first splashdown in 45 years. Very exciting!
....and ruined. The Federal Government must again seek the Death Penalty in a do-over of that chapter of the original trial. Our Country cannot let the appellate decision stand. Also, it is ridiculous that this process is taking so long!
Rarely has anybody deserved the death penalty more than the Boston Bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. The cou...today that they foiled a dangerous plot against the Governor of Michigan. Rather than say thank you, she calls me a White Supremacist—while Biden and Democrats refuse to condemn Antifa, Anarchists, Looters and Mobs that burn down Democrat run cities...
Governor Whitmer of Michigan has done a terrible job. She locked down her state for everyone, except her husband’s boating activities. The Federal Government provided tremendous help to the Great People of Michigan. My Justice DepaObama, Biden, Crooked Hillary and many others got caught in a Treasonous Act of Spying and Government OveJoe Biden is a PUPPET of CASTRO-CHAVISTAS like Crazy Bernie, AOC and Castro-lover Karen Bass. Biden is suppoCongratulations to former President @AlvaroUribeVel, a hero, former recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom and an ally of our Country in the fight against CASTRO-CHAVISMO! I will always stand with our Colombian friends!
Ashley Hinson (@hinsonashley) will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa! She will fight for our Military, Vets, Small Businesses & our Incredible Farmers—a true suppoFAKE NEWS IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Yvette Herrell (@Yvette4Congress) is a proven fighter for New Mexico! She strongly suppoCases up because of BIG Testing! Much of our Country is doing very well. Open the Schools!
Wow! Really bad TV Ratings for Morning Joe (@JoeNBC). @foxandfriends doing great, leading all others by far. @CNN not a factor!!!
So Crazy Nancy Pelosi said horrible things about Dr. Deborah Birx, going after her because she was too positive on the very good job we are doing on combatting the China Virus, including Vaccines & Therapeutics. In order to counter Nancy, Deborah took the bait & hit us. Pathetic!
RECORD HIGH NASDAQ! It would all come crashing down, including your Jobs, Stocks, and 401k’s, if Sleepy Joe ever became President. China and others would own us!!!
FDR’s own paMy visits last week to Texas and Florida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways, thousands and thousands, even bigger (by far) than the crowds of 2016. Saw no Biden suppo15 minutes to @MariaBaThis is the best deal the Republicans could get?
.@NateSilver538 “The Trump 2016 Victory was the most shocking political development of my lifetime.” That’s only because you got it so wrong. This time there is far more ENTHUSIASM even than 2016. Winning many States much more easily than people understand. BIG CROWDS!!!
In 2016, the ABC News/Washington Post Poll was such a complete disaster that these two Fake News Organizations changed the numbers prior to the Election. Now these haters are trying the same thing, though on a lesser scale, again. Will have a bigger win than even 2016!
People don’t remember the chaos, hatred & discord that we all went through during the 8 years of Obama/Biden. St. Louis, Oakland, Baltimore, and so many other places, were a complete & total disaster. I wouldn’t be in the beautiful White House if it weren’t for Sleepy Joe, etc.
OPEN THE SCHOOLS!!!
They are indeed Dr. Fauci’s own words. We have done a “phenomenal” job, according to cePeople are not happy that players are not standing for our National Anthem!
The Fake News, @CNN, MSDNC, the failing @nytimes, and the rest, are working ove@sagethelaxbro Hi Sage
Happy 230th BiBig Pharma is taking ads against me because I am MASSIVELY lowering your drug prices, which is obviously not good for them. Medicare premiums will also be going down. I am the first President to take them on. Don’t fall for their false ads. Biden plan is for very big increases!
See you in FLORIDA tomorrow night. Big Rally!!!
“56% of registered voters tell Gallup that they are better off than they were 4 years ago (under Obama/Biden), while only 32% said they were worse off.” Highest number on satisfaction yet recorded, by far. mgoodwin@nypost.com... And it will only get better!!! VOTE
Whether you call it Vote by Mail or Absentee Voting, in Florida the election system is Safe and Secure, Tried and True. Florida’s Voting system has been cleaned up (we defeated Democrats attempts at change), so in Florida I encourage all to request a Ballot & Vote by Mail! #MAGA
I am deeply saddened by the tragic loss of eight Marines and one Sailor during a training exercise off the coast of California. Our prayers are with their families. I thank them for the brave service their loved ones gave to our Nation. #SemperFidelis
Taking advantage of fools. Law & Order! PoTHE WALL STREET JOURNAL“Trump Wins in Po@adrienne_jensen Thanks!
Big spike in the China Plague in Europe and other places that the Fake News used to hold up as examples of places that are doing well, in order to make the U.S look bad. Be strong and vigilant, it will run its course. Vaccines and cures are coming fast!
The FBI and Law Enforcement must focus their energy on ANTIFA and the Radical Left, those who have spent the summer trying to burn down poorly run Democrat Cities throughout the USA!
See you in Sanford, Florida, tonight for a Big Rally. Covered Live on @OANN, @newsmax and @cspan. Enjoy!!!
California is going to hell. Vote Trump!
A great race run by Roger against a very tough and smaNew York has gone to hell. Vote Trump!
Illinois has no place to go. Sad, isn’t it? Vote Trump!
SO MUCH FAKE NEWS! The Lamestream Media has gone absolutely insane because they realize we are winning BIG in all of the polls that matter. They write or show one false story after another. They are truly sick people. VOTE!!!
Remember, Stock Market at an All Time High, and going up. 401k’s at RECORD. With Sleepy Joe comes Tax Increases, jobs losses and DEPRESSION like never seen before!!! VOTE!!!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Nevada has ZERO infrastructure for Mail-In Voting. It will be a corrupt disaster if not ended by the CouThe Republicans are giving the Democrats a great deal of time, which is not mandated, to make their self serving statements relative to our great new future Supreme CouOur Country cannot survive as a Socialist Nation, and that’s what the Democrats want it to be. The USA will never become a large scale version of Venezuela. All control is already being taken away from Sleepy Joe. He has Zero to say!!!
Stock Market Up Big. Do I get no credit for this? Never even mentioned by the Fake News. A New Record for Stocks and Jobs Growth. Remember, “it’s the Economy Stupid”. VOTE!!!
November 3rd. will be the most exciting day in U.S. Election History, even more so than 2016. Tremendous excitement and enthusiasm, like perhaps never seen before. Nobody showing up to Sleepy Joe Rallies. Places are DEAD. Stiff!!! See you in Florida tonight.
Remember, I wouldn’t be President now had Obama and Biden properly done their job. The fact is, they were TERRIBLE!!!
STOCK MARKET UP BIG!
So Crazy to watch Senator Blumenthal of Connecticut lecture all on morals & ethics when for 25 years he said he was a Great War Hero in Vietnam, and he was never even there. He lied & cheated right up until the day he got caught. Thank you to those in military who turned him in!
We will have Healthcare which is FAR BETTER than ObamaCare, at a FAR LOWER COST - BIG PREMIUM REDUCTION. PEOPLE WITH PRE EXISTING CONDITIONS WILL BE PROTECTED AT AN EVEN HIGHER LEVEL THAN NOW. HIGHLY UNPOPULAR AND UNFAIR INDIVIDUAL MANDATE ALREADY TERMINATED. YOU’RE WELCOME!
Republicans must state loudly and clearly that WE are going to provide much better Healthcare at a much lower cost. Get the word out! Will always protect pre-existing conditions!!!
The Economy is about ready to go through the roof. Stock Market ready to break ALL-TIME RECORD. 401k’s incredible. New Jobs Record. Remember all of this when you VOTE. Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your Taxes. Depression!!! Don’t let it happen! #MAGA
STOCK MARKET UP ANOTHER 300 POINTS - GREATEST LEADING INDICATOR OF THEM ALL!!! DON’T RUIN IT WITH SLEEPY JOE!!!
HAPPY COLUMBUS DAY TO ALL!
Don't worry, THE UNITED STATES WILL BE GREAT AGAIN!
.@THEGaryBusey is definitely different. #CelebApprentice
.@PiersMorgan and @OMAROSA really hate each other. #CelebApprentice
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one you won't want to miss! Be sure to tune in--10 p.m. on NBC.
#trumpvlog Same last name, same bad ratings- @lawrence and @rosie..... He says he will spend $1 B to get re-elected: @BarackObama. I can match him--preserving my options.
The worst employee in today's #trumpvlog... Bernie Madoff and Tony La Russa in today's #trumpvlog... Why is the UN condemning @Israel and doing nothing about Syria? What a disgrace.
In order to save Medicare and stop record premium increases--we must repeal ObamaCare.
From Donald Trump: Wishing everyone a wonderful holiday & a happy, healthy, prosperous New Year. Let’s think like champions in 2010!
Wishing you and yours a very Happy and Bountiful Thanksgiving!
Donald Trump Pa--Work has begun, ahead of schedule, to build the greatest golf course in history: Trump International – Scotland.
--From Donald Trump: "Ivanka and Jared’s wedding was spectacular, and they make a beautiful couple. I’m a very proud father.
Ivanka is now on Twitter - You can follow her @IvankaTrump - Have a terrific weekend!
Here's to a safe and happy Independence Day for one and all - Enjoy it! --Donald J. Trump
"RE: Michael Jackson: "He was a great friend and a spectacular ente@jchorvath11 Thank you.
Miss USA Tara Conner will not be fired - "I've always been a believer in second chances." says Donald Trump
My persona will never be that of a wallflower - I’d rather build walls than cling to them" --Donald J. Trump
Donald Trump will be appearing on The View tomorrow morning to discuss Celebrity Apprentice and his new book Think Like A Champion!
Be sure to tune in and watch Donald Trump on Late Night with David Letterman as he presents the Top Ten List tonight!
WIshing everyone a happy, healthy and prosperous New Year!
Wishing everyone a very Happy Holiday season!
Don't forget to watch Larry King tonight, CNN at 9 pm. He's a television legend and a great friend. It's going to be a fantastic farewell.
I'll be appearing on Larry King Live for his final show, Thursday night at 9 p.m., CNN. Larry's been on TV for 25 years...
Those five hotels includeTrump International Hotel & Tower New York, Trump Soho New York, Trump International Hotel & Tower Chicago...
All the hotels currently open in the Trump Hotel Collection have been nominated for Travel & Leisure's "World's Best Awards 2011" .....
Congratulations to Brandy as our new Apprentice and to Clint for being a great player. It's been a terrific season!
Tonight is the Apprentice finale---and it's a fantastic episode in every way, with the great Liza Minnelli performing and a new Apprentice!
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one of the best ever--we're down to the final 3, and it's high excitement all the way. 10 pm on NBC.
Congratulations to Evan Lysacek for being nominated SI spoMy best wishes to everyone for a Happy Thanksgiving!
Tomorrow night's episode of The Apprentice delivers excitement at QVC along with appearances by Isaac Mizrahi and Cathie Black. 10 pm on NBC
Watch CNN tomorrow at 2 pm & 5 pm and on Friday at 7 pm & 11 pm for a Thanksgiving Special hosted by John King. I'll be a featured guest.
Staff Sgt. Salvatore A. Giunta received the Medal of Honor from Pres. Obama this month. It was a great honor to have him visit me today.
We're getting down to the wire on The Apprentice--tune in tonight for some great action! 10 p.m. on NBC.
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice has a big surprise at the top of the show -- don't miss it! 10 p.m. on NBC.
I'll be discussing a variety of topics tonight with Greta Van Susteren, 10 p.m. on Fox News. It will be the first of a two paI was on The View this morning. We talked about The Apprentice. Tonight's episode is a great one--tough, exciting and surprising. 10 pm/NBC
Be prepared for a sensational episode of The Apprentice tomorrow night, 10 pm on NBC.
Don't forget to tune in tonight to see another unpredictable and exciting episode of The Apprentice-- 10 pm on NBC
Be sure to watch The Apprentice tonight, 10 p.m. on NBC--it's an episode you won't forget!
Don't forget to tune in tonight for another exciting episode of The Apprentice--10 p.m. on NBC.
I'm honored to be presented the award of Doctor of Business Administration Honoris Causa from RobeRead Ivanka's blog about last night's Apprentice on EnteTune in tonight at 10 pm on NBC for another exciting episode of The Apprentice -- and see the Dog Whisperer make an appearance.
Don't forget to tune in tonight for the two hour premiere of The Apprentice. 9 pm EST on NBC. We're all in for a fantastic new season!
I was invited by Caroline Wozniacki to sit with her family in her special box during her match at the U.S. Open yesterday. She's fantastic!
Check out SeI'll be on The Late Show with David Letterman tonight--be sure to tune in for a great show. 11:30 pm on CBS.
Went to the Yankees game last night with Bill O'Reilly--we had a great time watching the Yankees win!
Spent a beautiful weekend golfing at Trump National Golf Club Westchester and Trump National Golf Club Bedminster.
The Miss Universe Pageant raked in some great ratings! A great job by everyone.
Congratulations to Miss Mexico, Jimena Navarrete, our new Miss Universe 2010, and congratulations to everyone for a fantastic show.
It's going to get hotter in Las Vegas tonight! Watch the Miss Universe Pageant tonight on NBC at 9 p.m. I'm looking forward to being there!
Four more days until the Miss Universe Pageant. Be sure to tune in on Monday night at 9 p.m. on NBC--it will be an amazing show.
The original Apprentice returns with a two hour premiere on Thursday September 16th. Looking forward to a fantastic season!
Friday is the last day to enter the Counting Sheep for Hire contest. Click here www.youtube.com/user/mattressseCheck out the last webisode www.youtube.com/user/mattressseRick Perry is a good guy who had a really tough evening. @RickPerry
Performing live on the Miss Universe Pageant from the Mandalay Bay Reso.@IvankaTrump and @PiersMorgan will be wonderful advisors. #CelebApprentice
The Miss Universe Pageant will be on August 23 (9-11 p.m. on NBC, ET) with Bret Michaels and Natalie Morales to co-host, live from Las Vegas
George Steinbrenner was a great friend and a true legend. There will never be anyone like him in New York. We've lost a truly great man.
The new edition of The Apprentice will be on Thursdays this fall at 10 pm ET---I'm putting people back to work!
Due to popular demand, CNN will re-broadcast the Larry King Live show I hosted in June, in which I interview Larry. Monday July 5, 9 pm CNN
Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day weekend. We have a lot to be thankful for.
Great job on the Larry King Live Gulf Telethon last night--$1.3 million was raised in 2 hours.
Had a fantastic dinner last night at Quattro, in the Trump SoHo Hotel. It's already one of the hottest new restaurants in the city.
I am honored to be chosen by Gray Line for their NY Ride of Fame Campaign. Today we had the ribbon cutting ceremony in front of Trump Tower.
Tonight I trade places with Larry King @kingsthings and interview him on the 25th anniversary of his show. 9PM on CNN featuring best clips.
I'll be turning the table on Larry King this Saturday night. I'll be interviewing him in honor of the 25th Anniversary of his show.
Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day Weekend, with a special thought for all the veterans who have done so much for our freedom.
The Dunes here are amazing, and they're how I learned about geomorphology, which is the study of movement landforms. We've had a great trip
The NoScotland is beautiful. I spent several years looking for the right place, visiting over 200 sites, and this is absolutely the right place!
The ratings for the Celebrity Apprentice were fantastic and everyone had a great time. It was a terrific season -- congrats to everyone!
Congratulations to Bret Michaels, the new Celebrity Apprentice. Bret's a true champion, all of us were happy to see him and to see him win!
The latest update on Bret Michaels is that he's making every effoCheck out Ivanka's new FaceBook page and keep up with what's happening--from The Celebrity Apprentice, to jewlery to free tickets and more..
Put this on your calendar: The Celebrity Apprentice live finale is this Sunday at 9 p.m. on NBC. Who will be the next Celebrity Apprentice?
Congratulations to our new Miss USA, the beautiful Rima Fakih. Rima will represent us well at Miss Universe and be a wonderful Miss USA .
Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant, Sunday May 16 on NBC, 7 p.m. ET, hosted by CuWe're all very happy to hear of Bret Michael's progress and send our best wishes for his full recovery.
Providing backstage commentary at the Miss USA Pageant will be comedic mother-daughter duo Joan and Melissa Rivers. A fantastic lineup!
Also appearing on the Miss USA Pageant will be Country Superstar Trace Adkins and Pop Rock Sensation Boys Like Girls...
Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant, Sunday May 16 on NBC, 7 p.m. ET, hosted by CuBe sure to look for my beautiful wife Melania Trump tonight on QVC at 9 pm ET where she will be debuting her fantastic jewelry collection.
Melania will be on QVC tomorrow night at 9 p.m. ET to introduce her beautiful and inspiring Melania Timepieces & Fashion Jewelry collection.
Melania and I will be appearing on Larry King Live tonight, 9 p.m. on CNN. Be sure to tune in for some great conversation!
Our thoughts and prayers remain with Bret Michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery.
To put on your calendar for May: Miss USA 2010, live from Las Vegas on May 16th, 7 p.m. ET on NBC. I'll be there--tune in for a great show!
Melania and I will be appearing on The View tomorrow at 11 a.m. on CBS. Tune in for some great fun!
Melania and I saw American Idiot on Broadway last night and it was great. An amazing theatrical experience!
Tune in to The Marriage Ref onThursday night at 10 p.m. on NBC--I'm on the panel of expeOn Sunday, Jerome Bettis 'the bus' from the Pittsburgh Steelers will play at Trump Int'l Golf Club/Palm Beach against Julius Erving 'Dr J'
"Before Kids Can Go Places, They Need a Place To Go" -- the motto of The Police Athletic League, an organization I'm very proud to suppoLooking forward to seeing the World Champion Yankees today on opening day!
The premiere of "Donald J. Trump's Fabulous World of Golf" is tomorrow night at 9 p.m.ET on Golf Channel. Tune in for a great adventure!
This is a terrific day for downtown New York. Trump SoHo is unlike anything else. Be sure to visit this fantastic hotel soon!
My bestselling book from last April, Think Like a Champion, is now available in paperback. It's inspiring, enteThen we attended the Scottish fashion show that benefits veterans, Dressed to Kilt 2010, which I co-hosted with Sir Sean and Lady Connery.
Last night Melania and I attended the Skating with the Stars Gala at Wollman Rink in Central Park, it was fantastic. Stay tuned for PaToday's open call drew thousands of eager applicants. It was an impressive group, I enjoyed meeting them. We've got some great candidates!
Don't forget the open call at Trump Tower tomorrow for The Apprentice. I look forward to seeing you there.
The NYC casting call for The Apprentice is thisThursday, April 1 at Trump Tower. For all the information you need, go to NBC.com/casting.
The Trump Hotel Collection is currently nominated for Conde Nast Traveler Readers Choice Awards, Travel & Leisure and World Travel Awards.
Last week's episode of the Celebrity Apprentice set the stage for a great new season. Tune in this Sunday on NBC for even more excitement.
I am happy to announce that theoriginal Apprentice --which will offer job oppoOlympic Gold Medalist Evan Lysacek just left my office. He is in town and wanted to meet me--he's a fanastic guy and a true champion.
The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice is off to a great staThe Celebrity Apprentice has a two-hour premiere this Sunday, March 14th, at 9 p.m. on NBC. This will be the best season yet, see you then!
From Donald Trump: Andrea Bocelli @ Mar-a-Lago - Many say best night of enteFrom Donald Trump: “I’m so proud of my wife Melania and the launch of her new jewelry line, to debut on QVC on April 30th at 9 p.m.”
Superbowl Sunday is a great American tradition. The Colts and Saints are already champions, but may the best team win!
from Donald Trump: "I saw Lady Gaga last night and she was fantastic!
Celebrity Apprentice returns to NBC, Sunday, 3/14, 9-11PM ET/PT. Outstanding list of celebrities & season should be the best one yet!
The Washington Establishment will never rein in government spending, waste, fraud and abuse. A great thinker and outsider is needed.
When will the US government finally classify China as a currency manipulator? China is robbing us blind and @BarackObama defends them.
I play golf to relax. My company is in great shape. @BarackObama plays golf to escape work while America goes down the drain.
NYC should hold a parade for returning Iraq and Afghanistan veterans.
I like Russell Brand, but Katy Perry made a big mistake when she married him. Let's see if I'm right---I hope not.
America wasted billions and precious lives in Iraq and Iran will soon take control--very very sad.
I'm right, TPM is wrong - @BarackObama did not issue a special statement for Christmas--however he issued one (cont) The Mar-a-Lago Club has the best meatloaf in America. Tasty. "I predicted the 9/11 attack on America in my book "The America We Deserve" and the collapse of Iraq in @TimeToGetTough."
Americans Elect on track to put an Indy Presidential candidate on the ballot in all 50 states.
He is destroying our country:@BarackObama has requested to raise our debt limit to over $16.4Trillion by the end (cont) "It's impoChina has 5 oil projects in Iraq and we didn't get anything from the Iraqis except asked to leave. Iraq is going (cont) The Fed's reckless monetary policies will cause problems in the years to come. The Fed has to be reined in or we will soon be Greece.
What a convenient mistake: @BarackObama issued a statement for Kwanza but failed to issue one for Christmas. Vote for your favorite TRUMP HOTEL COLLECTION hotels in Travel + Leisure’s 2012 World’s Best Awards Survey China is expanding its military bases abroad. We must expand our naval fleet. Now is no time for defense cuts. (cont) China hacked the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and now has the information of all 3 million members. China keeps (cont) The Keystone pipeline will create 20,000 jobs and lower gas prices. But Obama says No. Dumb.
Govt. collapsing in Iraq only 2 weeks after withdrawal of our troops. Sadly, I called this one and please remember, I alone called it.
The habitual vacationer, @BarackObama, is now in Hawaii. This vacation is costing taxpayers $4 milion +++ while there is 20% unemployment.
In order to preserve my options and guarantee that @BarackObama is defeated, I changed my voter registration to independent.
The Keystone pipeline will create 20,000 jobs and make us less energy dependent from the Middle East. @BarackObama says No!
The safest way to preserve Medicare is with a robust and vibrant economy. We should lower corporate and capital gain taxes immediately.
A week after Biden says that the Taliban is not our enemy, the Taliban demand that we pay Iraq for a 9 year occupation. Even if @BarackObama stays in DC, taxpayers will pay millions for his Hawaii vacation when Americans are struggling “Consider the fact that for every gallon of gas you put in your car, you pay 45.8 cents in state, local, and federal taxes.” #TimeToGetTough
“The thing about high corporate tax rates is that, in the end, companies aren’t the ones who foot the bill, consumers do.” #TimeToGetTough
“We have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy. He’s also (cont) My new book #TimeToGetTough is the best present of the holiday season. A great gift for anyone who cares about this country.
Less than a week after we leave Iraq, the country is already unraveling. We got nothing from the Iraqis and now (cont) My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire discussing how @BarackObama is delusional and how a 3rd paBarney Frank looked disgusting--nipples protruding--in his blue shiCongratulations to @AmericansElect for winning a spot on the California 2012 ballot. A major feat! He is delusional: @BarackObama believes that he is the 4th best POTUS ever.
The WH yesterday defended Biden's comments that the Taliban aren't our enemy. When did the American people decide this? "Obamacare has to be killed now before it grows into an even bigger mess, as it inevitably will." #TimeToGetTough"
The sad truth is some Republicans in Congress are clueless when it comes to negotiation." #TimeToGetTough
I really enjoyed last night's Tele-Town Hall with @ralphreed's Faith and Freedom Coalition. Thanks to the thousands who joined.
I still can't believe we didn't t take the oil from Iraq.
The average family has spent $4,155 this year filling up the car on $3.50/gallon average. Both record highs. (cont) "Tom "marbles in his mouth" Brokaw once thanked me for the great success of the Apprentice for NBC. Now, he calls (cont) Joe Biden said that the Taliban 'is not our enemy.' I wonder how our troops in Afghanistant that are under attack view Biden's statement.
What a shock! The U.S. Capitol Christmas tree pays homage @BarackObama but failed to mention Jesus.
He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the gov't. @BarackObama doesn't respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us.
He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the government--@BarackObama doesn't respect the fact that the (cont) "People who have the ability to work should. But with the government happy to send checks, too many of them don't." #TimeToGetTough
When are we going to wake up and realize that we are funding our enemies?" #TimeToGetTough
A great gift idea is my new book #TimeToGetTough, easy to order on Amazon We're all proud of @erictrump for being on @Forbes 30 Under 30 list. "It's a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone."#TimeToGetTough"
"We need a tax system that is fair and smaChina taxing impoDummies left Iraq without the oil--not believable!
Iraq in political turmoil one day after we leave---I told you so.
Congratulations to my son Eric for making the Forbes 30 under 30 list. He's done a great job! Barney Frank admited that ObamaCare does have 'death panels' yesterday. Obamacare must be fully repealed or healthcare will be destroyed.
With a record deficit and $15 trillion in debt, @BarackObama is spending $4 million of our money on his Hawaii vacation. Just plain wrong.
My interview with Andy Dean on @americanowradio- I told him what I really thought about the @FoxNews debate. I'll be on @americanowradio with Andy Dean at 6:30 ET today talking about last night's @FoxNews debate. China is threatening Washington over the currency bill. We should pass it immediately.
OPEC is setting crude at $94/barrel on 'signs US economy is improving.' OPEC uses any excuse to rip us off and our leaders just watch.
China just put a tariff on US cars and trucks--22%--China is laughing at our inept leaders. @BarackObama
The lightweight, @JonHuntsman, used my name in a debate for gravitas--it didn't work. Sad!
A total lightweight: @JonHuntsman continues to give the worst responses on China in the debates. I can see why (cont) Great @Esquiremag piece - '@DonaldJTrumpJr: What I've Learned' My interview with @BarbaraJWalters in her @ABC special 'Most Fascinating People of 2011' But maybe my biggest beef with Obama is his view that there's nothing special or exceptional about America. #TimeToGetTough
Your civil libe"I believe this book will rock a lot of people. Don't just read #TImeToGetTough but share it with your friends and family!" -RushLimbaugh"
Thanks to everyone who has waited in the long lines at the #TimeToGetTough book signings. It is great to meet fellow patriots.
So biased: @TIME made 'The Protester' as the person of the year. @TIME celebrates OWS but vilified the Tea PaThis is what @BarackObama thinks: that America would be better off if we acted more like European socialist (cont) If speeches and memoirs created jobs then @BarackObama would be Ronald Reagan.
#trumpvlog China is laughing.... Please send a psychiatrist to help @Rosie, she’s in a bad state. To @Rosie’s girlfriend’s parents--- get (cont) More people attend a @JonHuntsman rally than watch @Lawrence on @MSNBCtv all week. @Lawrence is very lonely. (cont) With the number of tweets sad sack @Rosie has done, she has totally lost control of herself-- hopefully not a breakdown.
#noratings @Lawrence will soon be off tv- bad ratings- he has a face made for radio.
Let me put this as plainly as I know how: Iran's nuclear program must be stopped--by any and all means necessary. Period." #TimeToGetTough
It is great to meet fellow patriots at the #TimeToGetTough book signings. Can't wait to meet more today at Trump Tower from 12PM to 2PM
The first book signing at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough was so popular that I'm doing another one today from noon to 2pm/Trump Tower
Hope to see you tomorrow in Trump Tower (5th Ave betw 56 and 57) -- I'll be signing copies of my book #TimeToGetTough from noon until 2 pm
The habitual vacationer, @BarackObama, has sacrificed so much. He is delaying his 17 day Hawaii vacation a couple of hours.
Iran is closing the Strait of Hormuz for a military exercise. Imagine what they will do with nukes?!
The Mullahs laughed when @BarackObama "asked" Iran to return our drone--they will show it to China first.
We have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers." #TimeToGetTough
It has been great to meet so many wonderful people in my #TimeToGetTough book signings. Anyone who wants to be Prez should read!
So, if Iran is going to take over the oil, I say we take over the oil first by hammering out a cost-sharing plan with Iraq."#TimeToGetTough
Read this about @lawrence...... My interview with @EWErickson of @RedState discussing #TimeToGetTough, GOP primary and my 2012 options My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire explaining that I am keeping all my options available for 2012 Save your time @rosie and focus on your horrible ratings, and don't mention my name on talk shows anymore or you will get more of the same.
#badratings @Rosie you will never make it. You are not funny or talented.
#badratings @Lawrence's show failed at 8pm and is failing(even worse) at 10pm- not long for tv.....
I feel sorry for Rosie 's new paMy @FoxNews interview with @TeamCavuto discussing why I will not be moderating the Newsmax-@iontv debate "Check out my new book "Time To Get Tough: Making America #1 Again" Thousands of e-mails from folks urging me to seek the Americans Elect Presidential nomination.
I'll bet Jimmy Fallon gets great ratings tonight!
I'll be signing copies of my new book @TimeToGetTough tomorrow at Trump Tower (5th Avenue between 56 and 57) from noon to 2pm.
Real unemployment is 20%. We must simplify the tax code and sta#trumpvlog NY Area- Two book signings- Tonight and Thursday.... Who handed Iraq over to Iran yesterday? @BarackObama. We have gotten nothing from the Iraqis-- we should have them pay us back with oil.
"#trumpvlog Why I cancelled the "great debate"..... Don't forget my book signing tonight at Costco on 1250 Old Country Road in Westbury, NY, from 6-8 pm. Hope to see you there.
The Mullahs are laughing at what they think is a very stupid president,@BarackObama has "asked" for Iran to return the drone #TimeToGetTough
Look, here's the deal: @BarackObama has been a total disaster. He has spent this country into the ground and destroyed jobs #TimeToGetTough
We need a dealmaker in the White House, who knows how to think innovatively and make smaTonight I will be signing copies of #TimeToGetTough in Westbury at Costco, 1250 Old Country Rd, from 6 pm to 8 pm
My interview on @theviewtv discussing #TimeToGetTough, the GOP primary and the Newsmax-@iontv debate(staA clip from my @foxandfriends interview discussing how Newsmax-@iontv debate is determining the GOP primary polls Why did @BarackObama let Iran keep our drone? Now it is going straight to the Chinese. He should have taken it out.
I was on a tele-townhall with @TeamBachmann and hosted her 4 times in Trump Tower yet she declined the Newsmax-@iontv debate. No loyalty.
If these guys have any integrity they'd say no to MSNBC -- a network that few watch and is very negative. @AndrewBreitbaMy FoxBusiness interview with Don Imus discussing #TimeToGetTough, the GOP primary and the Newsmax-@iontv debate My @FoxNews interview with @megynkelly discussing the 2012 election and the Newsmax-@iontv debate Excited that @OurCountryPAC's Amy Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-iontv debate. The Tea PaWhy was the Hanukah celebration held in the White House two weeks early? @BarackObama wants to vacation in Hawaii in late December. Sad.
"Santorum calls Trump debate skippers "hypocrites" Rick Santorum making a strong point on the Newsmax-@iontv debate: @RickSantorum. Iowa Congressman @SteveKingIA has endorsed the Newsmax-@iontv debate. He has been doing great work in the House.
A great crowd at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough book signing!
Excited that @OurCountryPAC's @Amy Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-@iontv debate. The Tea Pa#TimeToGetTough The crowd at the book signing at Trump Tower in NYC right now... Yesterday I explained to @wolfblitzercnn on @CNNSitRoom why @BarackObama doesn't deserve credit for killing Bin Laden My interview on @WOR710 with Jon Gambling discussing #TimeToGetTough, meeting @NewtGingrich and the 2012 election If the GOP Establishment really wants to defeat @BarackObama then they should read #TimeToGetTough.
#TimeToGetTough presents bold solutions on taxes, national security, the debt, dealing with OPEC and China and defeating @BarackObama.
Looks like the line has staTrump Tower is located at 725 Fifth Avenue, between 56th and 57th Streets...
Be sure to stop by Trump Tower today -- I'll be signing copies of my new book "Time To Get Tough" from 11 am to 2 pm.
I'll be signing copies of my new book "Time To Get Tough" today at Trump Tower--11 am to 2 pm. Hope to see you there. #TimeToGetTough
I'll be signing copies of my new book "Time To Get Tough" tomorrow in Trump Tower--11 am to 2 pm. Hope to see you there.
Newsmax is a great news org and and its pres debate in IA on 12-27 will be fair, balanced , and informative." @ralphreed
Newsmax is a great news organization and its pres debate in IA on Dec 27 will be fair, balanced and informative. @ralphreed
My interview yesterday with @TeamCavuto where I discuss Dick Cheney and China "Why does @BarackObama continue to defend radical Islam? He is calling the Ft. Hood massacre "workplace violence."
You know what is the worst paJeffrey Lord, former Reagan adviser, has endorsed the Newsmax-@iontv debate with a great aHappy to have @ralphreed and the FFC's endorsement of the Newsmax-@iontv debate. FFC is a great organization.
A clip of my upcoming interview with @DavidBrody discussing #TimeToGetTough, @Israel and the Islamist winter "What is a bit appealing about this idea of Trump hosting a debate is, consider the diverse audience that perh... (cont) My @CNN interview with @PiersTonight discussing the Newsmax-@iontv debate, #TimeToGetTough, the GOP and the economy Excited to have @SarahPalinUSA's endorsement of the Newsmax-@iontv debate. Sarah is terrific.
My @FoxNews interview with @TeamCavuto discussing the Newsmax-@iontv debate, #TimeToGetTough and the 2012 race My @MorningJoe interview with @JoeNBC & @morningmika discussing the Newsmax-@iontv debate and #TimeToGetTough I will be signing copies of my new book TIME TO GET TOUGH tomorrow, Dec 9th, in Trump Tower from 11 a.m. to ... (cont) My @foxandfriends interview duscussing my meeting with @newtgingrich, the Newsmax-@iontv debate and #TimeToGetTough "The Architect" @KarlRove is directly responsible for losing both houses & @BarackObama becoming President. Ignore him."
Why is the GOP establishment so threatened by the Newsmax - @iontv debate? More debate is always better.
Whether we like it or not, oil is the axis on which the world's economies spin. It just is. When the price o... (cont) Get it straight: Pakistan is not our friend. When our tremendous Navy SEALS took out Osama bin Laden, they did... (cont) Canada's legal immigration plan sta"President Reagan put it best: "Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate, as far as possible, the need for its own existence."
"Call me old school, but I believe in the old warrior's credo that "to the victor go the spoils." In other word... (cont) Fo"Illegal immigration is a wrecking ball aimed at US taxpayers. Washington needs to get tough and fight for "W... (cont) Did you know that one of seven Americans is now on food stamps? Think of it. In the United States, the most pr... (cont) All this from a guy who lectured Americans about tightening their belts: @BarackObama bashes rich people an... (cont) "I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about "onshoring"? We need to bring manufa... (cont) First there was the Declaration of Independence, then there was the Constitution. Now there is #TimeToGetTough. Available today.
Met @newtgingrich at Trump Tower today. He's a big thinker.
#TimeToGetTough: Making America #1 Again--my new book--available today. The book both China and OPEC do NOT want you to read.
"When it comes to China, @BarackObama practices "pretty please" diplomacy. He begs and pleads and bows---and it... (cont) We are building China's wealth by buying all their products, even though we make better products in America.
My new book tells some harsh truths and lays out some bold plans. Time for America to be #1 again. #TimeToGetTough
Here's my message to @BarackObama: America is a capitalistic country. Get over it and get on with it! #TimeToGetTough
Don't forget next Friday December 9th: I'll be signing my new book @HowToGetTough in Trump Tower from 11 a.m... (cont) The new job figures don't include 315,000 people who have given up looking for jobs.
He ruins the brand: @Robe"If "The AMeeting Former Speaker Newt Gingrich next week. On the Agenda---defeating @BarackObama.
Why doesn't OPEC lower the price of crude to help aveThe Fed continues to recklessly flood the market with dollars. This will eventually create record inflation. It has to stop. #TimeToGetTough
He ruins the brand: @bobbeckel doesn't belong on @FoxNews. As CM for Mondale in '84, you lost 49 states. Sad!
A special message to the staff of @TrumpWaikiki in celebration of the 2nd anniversary.... "When it comes to China, @BarackObama practices "pretty please" diplomacy. He begs and pleads and bows--and it'... (cont) "Fitch has downgraded our credit outlook to "negative." Why? @BarackObama's failure to lead with the Super Committee. The unemployment numbers released later this week will show no job growth. We must staChina is so brazen that they now give us economic advice--they tell us what to do---much like a strong stockh... (cont) Newly released emails prove that scientists have manipulated data on global warming. The data is unreliable. Unbelievable how he gets away with it: @BarackObama is flying around on Air Force One, laughing at everybod... (cont) The habitual vacationer: @BarackObama has campaigned on our dime more than any previous president in history... (cont) It's inconvenient and inconsiderate: @BarackObama is doing a fundraiser tonight, making it almost impossibl... (cont) #trumpvlog @BarackObama is very inconsiderate... America's trade deficit with China is one of our greatest national security threats. Time for Fair Trade. We must produce our own products.
The banks were bailed out by us. They should staMy @foxandfriends interview from yesterday In order to get elected, @BarackObama will staIran's continued public threats of annihilating @Israel are unacceptable. Iran's nuclear drive must be stopped. #TimeToGetTough
"The CBO has confirmed that @BarackObama's stimulus "crowds out" private investment while not creating any jobs. Real unemployment is at over 21%. Businesses won't hire until @BarackObama is defeated in 2012. #TimeToGetTough
"My new book "Time To Get Tough" will be out Dec 5th. Solutions you won't hear from the politicians. The bes... (cont) I will be signing copies of my new book, Time To Get Tough: Making America #1 Again, in Trump Tower on Frida... (cont) Third quaWhy does @BarackObama suppoWashington will continue to run record deficits into the election. We are borrowing at a rate of $1.40 from China. Truly unsustainable.
Iran will soon take all of the oil in Iraq...and Iraq itself---Keep the oil.
Once Iran has nuclear weapons, they will shut down the Strait of Hormuz. Oil will be over $300/Barrel. Iran'... (cont) "The failure of the "Super Committee" shows Washington has truly incompetent leaders. #TimeToGetTough"
"ObamaCare does indeed ration care. Seniors are now restricted to "comfoAmerican sanctions alone cannot stop Iran's nuclear drive--and @BarackObama cannot get China and Russia to agree on new Iranian sanctions.
In my new book #TimeToGetTough I make a full financial disclosure detailing my net woCongratulations to @TrumpChicago, @TrumpSoHo and @TrumpLasVegas --all listed #1 on @TravelandLeisure World's Best Business Hotels
"I dictate my tweets to my executive assistant and she posts them. "Time is money"---The AWhy are we giving China foreign aid? Couldn't the Super Committee have agreed to at least cut that outlay? #TimeToGetTough
The habitual vacationer--@BarackObama--spent 9 days before the critical Super Committee deadline traveling. He failed to lead, again.
As of September 30th, we have a record trade deficit with China of over $217Billion. They are ripping us off. #TimeToGetTough
Yesterday @BarackObama actually spent a full day in Washington. He didn't campaign, fund raise or play golf. Shocking.
My new book #TimeToGetTough -- out Dec 5th -- outlines how to make America rich again. Order now through Amazon My @foxandfriends interview from yesterday discussing how @BarackObama failed to show any leadership on th... (cont) Egypt is turning into a hot bed of radical Islam. The current protest is another coup attempt. We should never have abandoned Mubarak.
The House's failure to pass the Balance Budget Amendment was another unforced error by the GOP. Very disappointing.
When the Super Committee fails, @BarackObama will get exactly what he really wants--automatic cuts in defense spending. This is his plan.
If @BarackObama wanted the "Super Committee" to succeed, he would have lead. Instead he has been campaigning. Where is the leadership?
China's economy is now projected to oveThe Super Committee is finding ways to raise all our taxes without admitting it. The Republicans made a big mistake agreeing to this deal.
ObamaCare is one of the greatest threats our country faces. It is unsustainable and will lead America into complete insolvency.
Why is @BarackObama delaying the sale of F-16 aircraft to Taiwan? Wrong message to send to China. #TimeToGetTough
Washington is simply incapable of any moderation because @BarackObama is such an extreme leftist. He must be defeated. #TImeToGetTough.
"Made in America? @BarackObama called his 'biRegardless of the USC's ruling, ObamaCare can only be defeated politically. It must be legislatively repealed or America will go bankrupt.
China is complaining about 2,500 marines being placed in Australia. Meanwhile they are building bases across Latin America. #TimeToGetTough
"The stimulus "is a net negative effect on the growth of GDP over 10 years" --as admitted by @BarackObama's own CBO Crude has skyrocketed since @BarackObama delayed the Keystone Pipeline. Not only are 20,000 jobs gone, but family budgets are tightening.
The Federal government has increased its employment by 12% since 2007. We need to stop replacing retired workers unless position is needed.
Crude is at $100/Barrel. With the current state of the world economy, how is that possible? OPEC is ripping of... (cont) "In the span of two months @BarackObama, the habitual vacationer, has called America "soft" and lazy." He loves to criticize America."
My new book, Time To Get Tough, comes out on December 5th. Pre-order on Amazon.com. It's the best book I've ever written.
“When mistakes are made, and they will be, the entrepreneur’s true character emerges and fuWaterboarding KSM gave us the intelligence that lead to Bin Laden.
Repo@BarackObama has increased the EPA budget by over 150%. The EPA is an impediment to both growth and jobs. It sends jobs overseas.
The Supercommittee is a disaster. The Republicans made a crucial mistake agreeing to this debt deal. They hat... (cont) My interview yesterday with @foxandfriends discussing the failure of the Super Committee and GOP 2012.... Fewer Americans are now insured through their employers due to higher premiums. Obamacare must be fully repealed. "@BarackObama, the habitual vacationer, called America "lazy" this past weekend while in Hawaii."
Watch What's America Wo@BarackObama made a campaign decision on delaying the Keystone Pipeline to 2013.The pipeline would lower oil prices and create jobs.
October has a 7% foreclosure increase last month. Is this @BarackObama’s economic recovery?
2012 is the most impoTo the brave men and women, past and present, in our armed services- best wishes on Veterans Day.
The Arab Spring has turned into the Islamist Winter. Our ally @Israel is in a perilous position. We must stand behind @Israel.
My interview with @IngrahamAngle discussing @THEHermanCain, @BarackObama's mistreatment of Israel and GOP 2012. My thoughts on Joe Paterno and political analysts in today's #trumpvlog... The death tax should be abolished -- the Government is simply taxing you twice. It is also a job killer.
The Debate, @BarackObama's mic, and my Endorsement in today's #trumpvlog--- Solyndra's government loan and subsequent bankruptcy prove that @BarackObama is both corrupt and inept.
The Fed should not bail out the EU. Europe's financial mess is their problem, not our problem!
Our deficits are caused by runaway spending, not inadequate taxing. Washington does not have a revenue problem.
The Federal government spent over $3.7 trillion last year. This is unsustainable and a true danger. The American dream is being destroyed.
"#timetogettough The White House Correspondents' Dinner in my new book "Time To Get Tough".....watch the #trumpvlog--- A record high 6.7% of Americans are living in extreme poveRepo"China 'scorns' US cyber espionage charges--China does not respect us See what I have to say about the Occupy Wall Street protestors in today's #trumpvlog.... Iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests. We can't allow Iran to go nuclear.
Malfeasance at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac helped cause our current financial meltdown.
"My interview on @gretawire discussing the economy and @TheHermanCain "Witch Hunt" Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight on Fox News at 10 p.m.
The Oil Companies collude with OPEC to keep oil aThe greatest threat to our security is our debt. It is already past 100% GDP. We need to make real budget cuts.
The economy won't fully recover until @ObamaCare is fully repealed. It is a job killer!
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood just made its first visit to Hamas-led Gaza. Why did @BarackObama promote the "Arab Spring"?
Why is @BarackObama letting the Taliban know when our troops are leaving? The @SuperCommittee must cut spending, not raise taxes. Washington has a spending problem, not a revenue problem.
Another company that the DOE has given money to just filed for bankruptcy. This is how the money we borrow at 40% from China is wasted.
Is Jon StewaThe Republicans never should have agreed to this past summer's debt deal. Military cuts will now come along with tax increases.
THe Chinese military is already hacking our satellites It snowed over 4 inches this past weekend in New York City. It is still October. So much for Global Warming.
The Al Qaeda flag is now flying over Benghazi. @BarackObama spent over $3Billion of our money for this?
Is Jon StewaOur economy cannot stay competitive with policies like these: @BarackObama is proposing over $90 Billion in new regulations.
ObamaCare contains marriage penalty taxes. Why should married couples be penalized for having healthcare?
My interview from last night with @piersmorgan discussing OWS My interview yesterday with @TeamCavuto discussing Europe's debt deal and the GOP primary The US Air Force won the war in Libya to clear the way for Islamic Extremist control of Libya.
Our worst threat to unemployment is @ObamaCare. It will also destroy our country's basic standards.
When will our nation's sacrifices be respectfully appreciated? Iraq and Libya should reimburse us in oil.
The Debt is our nation's greatest threat. @BarackObama is out of touch.
Watch me tonight at 9PM ET on @CNN, full hour. @Piersmorgan won @ApprenticeNBC before taking over Larry King's slot- should be interesting.
Why aren't we getting any oil from Iraq before we leave? We are leaving the country wide open for Iran. Big mistake.
When will Washington stand up to China. China is manipulating its currency and stealing our jobs. Washington should move on legislation.
I am happy to see the majority of the GOP candidates agree with me that the tax code must be simplified and the rates dropped.
My @FoxNews interview last night with @Gretawire In response to @Lawrence, my net woRead this about @Lawrence.... I heard, because his show is unwatchable, that @Lawrence has made many false statements last night about me. Maybe I should sue him?
THe 2012 election is the most impoStop calling my office to do your show, I have more impoWhy does the federal government send foreign aid to China? Unbelievable! Washington is financing America's de... (cont) Please only respond by tweet @lawrence because like everyone else, I don't watch your show.
Does @BarackObama ever work? He is constantly campaigning and fundraising--on both the taxpayer's dime and time---not fair!
I only go on shows that get ratings, that's why I do @oreillyfactor, @hannityshow, and @gretawire. Your sho... (cont) Printing money is neither a shoLibya is adopting a more radical form of Sharia Law now under their new leadership. Is this what @BarackObama wanted?
So much for creating American jobs--@BarackObama gave $529 Million to a "Green" car company---so they can be manufactured in Finland.
The job plan by @BarackObama is nothing more than a second stimulus. The first failed and so will this one.
See what I have to say about Iran and Iraq in today's #trumpvlog... We are leaving Iraq after expending a tremendous amount of blood and treasure. We should be reimbursed with oil! -- Don't give it to Iran.
The Dollar is at an all-time WWII low against the Yen. The Fed's recklessness is going to lead to record inflation.
Why do we continue to sit idly by while China steals our national security and corporate secrets? China is an enemy, not a friend.
The Misery Index is at a 28 year high.
Why did @BarackObama liberate Libya and do nothing for the Iranian protestors? Iran is a threat to our national security.
A simplified tax code will help promote growth in the private sector.
Why did we spend billions of our money on Libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil? What do we get out of this?
Why is crude oil priced at $86/Barrel? OPEC is ripping us off. Not woMy thoughts on Gadhafi's death, @BarackObama, and the misery index... The OWS protesters are doing nothing to advance the interests of the 99%. Time for them to go home!
Bob Beckel, a commentator for FOX is bad for the @FoxNews brand: @BobBeckel is close to incompetent.
"Sometimes understanding other people's problems is the key to finding oppoAmerica needs to rebuild our infrastructure. Why are we sending trillions overseas when our own roads, bridge... (cont) We must stop outsourcing our jobs overseas and end our multi-billion dollar trade deficits.
My beautiful wife Melania will be appearing on QVC this evening from 8 to 9 pm.
Both @BarackObama and China have embraced OWS. All want the decline of America. Time for the protesters to go home.
My thoughts on @barackobama's campaign.... My @FoxNews interview last night on @hannityshow discussing OWS and @BarackObama's incompetent leadership. Our country is blowing up and @BarackObama is out campaigning.
Everyone makes mistakes, but it's what you do with them and what you learn from them that matters." -- Midas Touch
Iraq's government is treating us like fools. We should demand their oil.
If ObamaCare is not repealed then we can expect stagnant growth, long term unemployment and record high premiums.
Now China is publicly suppoWatch @Seanhannity tonight on his show, Hannity, Fox News at 9 pm. I'll be on and we'll cover the Wall Stree... (cont) Iran was planning to attack the Israeli and Saudi DC embassies. We should respond accordingly. The diplomatic window is closed.
It is time for Iran to face serious consequences. This regime is a threat to our national security.
Late last Friday @BarackObama announced his 2011 budget deficit was $1.299 trillion -- the second largest in US history.
Happy to have passed 800,000 followers. Looking forward to passing 1M sooner than later.
Why is @BarackObama always campaigning or on vacation?
My new book Midas Touch in stores now.... My interview with @gretawire last night on @FoxNews: @BarackObama 'Missed His OppoChina's military buildup is a major threat to the Free World. We must remain resolute and maintain our national defense at all costs.
Be sure to watch my wonderful wife Melania Trump tonight on @QVC at 1AM EST
More questions answered... Check out the #trumpvlog to see the answers to your questions... If the Wall Street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protesting @BarackObama at the White House.
Stop "The China Curse" -- Pass the Chinese Currency Bill!
"My @FoxNews interview on @gretawire discussing "The China Curse" Tweet me your questions to answer. #trumpvlog
Tune in tonight to Greta van Susteren's show, On the Record, which airs on Fox News at 9 p.m.
Mitt Romney is right about the Chinese rip-off of America.
The debate was very interesting last night. There were numerous winners and Governor Romney did very well.
When will @BarackObama release an actual budget?
I don't want to be the only billionaire in America---I want all Americans to be rich.
If the Prez wants to create jobs talk to some business people---not liberal intellectuals.
The only way to spread economic growth is to lower taxes and end unfriendly regulatory practices.
The Fed's reckless monetary policy is going to create record inflation.
New study shows 80% of Congress have no business experience--it shows!
A guy named @BobBeckel on FOX, their resident liberal, was not born with much of a brain.
I have traveled the world. America is the most beautiful country on EaThe only job @BarackObama cares about is his own. Everything he does is for his own reelection.
When will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding Afghanistan? We must rebuild our country first.
The GOP primary schedule is a disaster. Not enough time.
A-Rod is a less than average baseball player now that he is unable to use drugs. A-Rod misrepresented to th... (cont) Our national debt has grown by 30% and a gallon of gas has doubled so far under @BarackObama. He is a disaster.
The Democrats in the Super Committee want to raise taxes first in deficit talks. Huge mistake. Cut wasteful spending first.
Great meeting with @THEHermanCain yesterday in Trump Tower. Great guy!
Looking forward to visiting the Trump Vineyard Estates today in Charlottesville, VA, for a press conference and the grand opening.
"Great aI was on CNN last night with @ErinBurnett.
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren @Gretawire tonight at 10 p.m. on Fox News.
It's about time Italy recognized the innocence of @AmandaKnox---great news!
Looking forward to speaking at #sparknb next week in Atlantic Canada--my first time ever.
My book, Midas Touch, with Robe@THeCelebrityApprentice cast is set---the best we've ever had. Shooting sta@USGovernment has done nothing to help @AmandaKnox.
Sadly, Vanity Fair is a rapidly dying magazine. Needs new blood--and fast! Going the way of SPY Magazine.
The unemployment numbers are tragic. We are letting the world take our jobs. It has to stop!
How many more billions of dollars will @BarackObama continue to waste in these solar companies?
Everyone should boycott Italy if Amanda Knox is not freed---she is totally innocent.
America needs a tough negotiator---not a community organizer.
"@VPBiden is actually right for once: Biden: "Voters should blame Obama, not Bush, for economy." My interview yesterday with @MyFoxNY I'm thrilled to announce that my new tailored clothing line has officially launched at Macy's. In business it'... (cont) A simplified tax code would spur economic growth and help create jobs. UnfoThe only way for Medicare and Social Security to remain solvent is if our economy is healthy. @BarackObama doesn't get it.
The Iranians have just threatened to send warships to our coasts. They laugh at us. We can't allow them to develop nuclear weapons.
The Fed's reckless policies of low interest and flooding the market with dollars needs to be stopped or we will face record inflation.
China does not negotiate from a position of strength, we simply negotiate against ourselves. We have all the advantages but don't execute.
My @FoxNews interview from yesterday discussing my recent meetings in Trump Tower and also @GovChristie Really bad ratings for Lawrence O'Donnell on MSNBC---O'Reilly is killing him!
The @erictrumpfdn Golf Invitational featuring a performance by @BretMichaels was a great event. Enjoy the video.... When will @BarackObama present an actual budget? Enough with the games.
"Sleepy" Chuck Todd of NBC falls far shoChina is stealing our jobs. We need to demand China stop manipulating its currency and end its rampant corporate espionage.
Great interview in @postedtoronto of @DonaldJTrumpJr: He makes me proud. ObamaCare must be completely repealed. A recent repoMy interview from yesterday with @seanhannity Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends.
Our economy is struggling and OPEC continues to rip us off. Output is low and the price is too high. They ar... (cont) It seems @BarackObama had our tax dollars buy guns for Mexican drug lords that were used to kill Americans. We need answers now.
A great interview of @DonaldJTrumpJr in the @ globeandmail on Trump Tower Toronto My @CNN interview with @wolfblitzercnn yesterday discussing by meeting with @MittRomney My @FoxNews interview from last night with @gretawire discussing yesterday's meeting with @MittRomney My @FoxNews interview from yesterday with @TeamCavuto discussing the economy, my trip to Australia, @MittRomne... (cont) ObamaCare is a major threat to America's entrepreneurial spirit and competitiveness. Small businesses will b... (cont) Our country's debt crisis cannot be solved by tax increases. We must cut government spending.
Obama Care’s taxes vest in 2014. Conveniently after the 2012 election. Coincidence?
OPEC is ripping us off on oil. We are ripping ourselves off by investing in unproven green energy. #Solyndra
Our deficit spending is China’s gain. @BarackObama is bankrupting our country.
I couldn't make the Faith and Freedom confab in Orlando so I sent a video... Now is no time to cut military spending. We must remain strong. Our enemies are looking for weakness. I'm i... (cont) Government waste, fraud and abuse should be immediately addressed. This will help solve our deficit crisis both sho@EricTrump is doing a great job on completing our new Trump Winery in Virginia.
Australia is a beautiful country with terrific people who love America.
China is neither an ally or a friend--they want to beat us and own our country.
Our next President must stop China's Rip-off of America.
Just finished speaking in Sydney, Australia, in front of 20,000 people and today I'm off to Melbourne for anot... (cont) Rick Perry is right when he says we must stand by Israel in the UN.
ObamaCare will destroy small business--the backbone of America's economy.
"If you're going to think--think big" --- The ASorry I will miss the CPAC gathering in Orlando--there in spirit--Obama must go.
"@BarackObama's method of spending the stimulus -- "Obama fundraiser linked to loan program that aided Solyndra" I find it really hard to listen to @BarackObama's speeches. He doesn't have a clue.
It seems there is never a problem for which @BarackObama cannot find a reason for another speech and another tax.
How will raising taxes create jobs? Washington is all out of answers. New leadership is needed.
I am increasingly concerned with the UN's ploy against @Israel this coming week and will monitor all events closely from Australia.
Watch my latest appearance on Squawk Box .... If China had a tenth of the natural resources we do then they would already be energy independent. Instead we continue to buy oil from OPEC.
My thoughts on the Emmys in today's #trumpvlog.... "It doesn't cost any money to think bigger." -- The A@BarackObama---great job on Solyndra. You are some extremely skilled venture capitalist. Stick to the memoirs and speeches.
I applaud @netanyahu for announcing that he will show up at the UN to defend @Israel. A true US friend and great leader.
We can create jobs in the American economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector.
Can you imagine if @BarackObama had passed Cap and Trade?! Energy costs would be double from already record highs.
The Solyndra Scandal--@BarackObama's $500Million photo op. He loves wasting our money.
"My @FoxNews interview last night on @gretawire -- "On 2012: I'll Wait and See" Had dinner with @RickPerry last night---great guy, straight shooter, impressive record.
Third Gun Linked to 'Fast and Furious' Identified at Border Agent's Murder Scene. When will the White House come clean?
Bob Turner--great guy, great businessman, will be a great Congressman. Was happy to help him win.
I'm looking forward to seeing you all this afternoon at Macy's Herald Square. 5:30 pm at the Crystal depa@BarackObama will hear loud and clear today the message NY-9 is sending by electing @Bobturner9th -- @Israel is our friend and ally.
We should immediately close all tax loopholes that favor foreign investments and taking our jobs overseas t... (cont) I'm very proud of my new crystal collection. Here's a sneak peak of my favorite collection Elmsford The White House is continuing to be openly uncooperative with the Fast and Furious investigation. American lives were lost. We need answers.
The Eric Trump Foundation Golf Invitational benefiting St. Jude Children's Research Hospital is today--and i... (cont) How can the economy ever recover when @BarackObama keeps threatening the private sector with more taxes. This is no way to spur growth.
I'm urging my friends in Brooklyn to vote for Bob Turner tomorrow--send @barackobama a message.
Friends in NY-9, let @BarackObama know that you don't approve of his mistreatment of @Israel. Vote for @Bobturner9th tomorrow!
The American economy would grow if Washington didn’t keep threatening higher taxes and more regulations. Government is not the solution.
My thoughts on @andyroddick in today's #trumpvlog.... Watch the 2011 #MissUniverse Pageant tonight at 9PM on NBC... The World Economic Forum now ranks the US the fifth most competitive economy in the world. We have fallen from first under @BarackObama.
Iran’s nuclear program must be stopped – by any and all means necessary.
Very exciting. I will be at Macy’s Herald Square this Wednesday at 5:30pm to celebrate the launch of Trump Home crystal!
Want jobs? Slash corporate tax rate. Tax incentives for companies that create jobs in US. America will boom.
I watched POTUS speech from Europe---same old "tax and spend" won't create jobs.
Why is the UN planning to attack @Israel's sovereignty and ignore Iran's nuclear program? The US should look at future funding.
China is happy to learn that @BarackObama plans to borrow another $300 Billion. @BarackObama is their favorite client.
If only speeches could create jobs then @BarackObama wouldn't have such a dismal economic record.
A robust growing economy is how to fix Social Security and Medicare---not cuts on Seniors.
"US should have told Libya "Rebels" --- give us 50% of your oil for our military suppoUSA should take oil from Iraq in repayment for their liberation. The UN is about to use its Assembly to attack @Israel. We should defund the UN entirely if they can't act resp... (cont) Fast and Furious gun running goes all the way to the White House. We need answers now!
Oil is double the price now compared to last year--OPEC is laughing at @BarackObama.
Fast and Furious put semi-automatics in the hands of Mexican drug lords that killed Americans - @BarackObama should answer all questions.
The White House is predicting 9% unemployment throughout 2012 – and when Obama Care takes effect in 2014 expect it to go even higher.
Make no mistake---Fast and Furious goes ALL the way to the White House.
"My interview with @gretawire last night -- "Everything Obama Does is a 'Campaign Speech'" We must stand firm against the UN's ploy to sabotage Israel---if the UN grants the PA statehood then we must immediately defund it.
With gas prices rising and the economy failing, @BarackObama seeks to have his EPA raise energy prices by $109B Libya is being taken over by Islamic radicals---with @BarackObama's open suppoMy thoughts on Dick Cheney and his new book... China's business interests reach far and wide---even domestically within our borders. We need to reassess our relationship.
The new Libyan Government should turn over the Lockerbie bomber---now.
ObamaCare must be fully repealed or it will destroy America's small businesses.
If the UN unilaterally grants the Palestinians statehood, then the US should cut off all its funding. Actions have consequences.
If the Palestinians want statehood then why are they run by the terrorist group Hamas?
Crude is at $85 right now – isn’t even wo@BarackObama MUST release a budget before @johnboehner begins negotiations on a continuing appropriations resolution.
"Iran admits to aiding the Libyan "Rebels" and Ahmadinejad received a letter of thanks - when will Washington learn? Libyan Rebels should have given us 50% of the oil in return for our military suppoHurricane Irene and Libya in today's #trumpvlog.... More and more Americans seem fed up with both PaThere is no substitute for private sector experience.
Why did @BarackObama and his family travel separately to MaI'm very proud of the work my son @EricTrump has been doing with the @EricTrumpFDN, take a look... America needs a President who can negotiate better deals for the American People.
China's corporate espionage is a continued threat to the American economy. With the right leadership, it can be stopped.
There usually is an easy solution to every problem. For instance, a lot of our country's problems can be solved in next year's election.
We have spent over $1 Billion on the Libya operation. What are we getting back?
Just as I predicted, @Joe_Biden was a complete disaster in China. He condoned the Chinese one-child policy an... (cont) As bad as Qaddafi was---what comes next in Libya will be worse---just watch.
Let's not staWe spent over a billion on Libya and lead the way---why is Europe getting the oil?
We don't need another stimulus. The first one was a complete failure. Why repeat the same mistake?
While @BarackObama continues to defend ObamaCare in the cou@misskhan Very nice--thanks again.
Israel is being barraged by rockets from Gaza recently. They must respond accordingly in defense of their citizens.
Insurgents in Iraq show they can still mount horrifying attacks---US wastes trillions.
Many people have been asking to see my plane, The Apprentice's @AmandaTMiller will give you a tour... Karl Rove --lost GOP both Houses of Congress and the White House--gave us Obama.
Ron Paul is right when he says we are wasting lives and money in Iraq and Afghanistan.
My interview with @gretawire on Fox News for those who missed it - 'Obama's Constantly on Vacation' My interview this morning on Good Morning America with George Stephanopoulos Amazing--Obama speaks, market goes DOWN---Trump tells CNBC he's buying stock---market goes UP --- should not be that way!
A good example of how our country wastes money... I was interviewed by Greta Van Susteren today here at Trump Tower. Tune in tonight on Fox News at 10 p.m.... (cont) China is a threat to America. They are not our friend.
Unemployment is plaguing both Black and Hispanic youths. Very troubling.
My thoughts on the Republican Pa@BarackObama played golf yesterday. Now he heads to a 10 day vacation in MaRepoEconomic growth can save Social Security, Medicare and America.
Mike Huckebee, a great guy, said the President should appoint me Treasury Secretary. China and OPEC would not be happy.
Ron Paul is right that we are wasting trillions of dollars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Obama has no understanding of how to create jobs or oppoIt's easy to see why Americans are sick of career politicians and both paHow will Mitt Romney defend his record on jobs and Romneycare in tonight's debate?
Looking forward to the GOP debate and the outcome of the Ames straw poll. We must get a real leader.
My interview from yesterday with #Apprentice Andy on @AmericaNowRadio The Fed continues to flood the market with US dollars. Wrong move.
He's hired! Listen to my #Apprentice Andy launchhis radio show @AmericaNowRadio with me tomorrow 6PM ETThe S&P downgrade is a direct result of @BarackObama's increased reckless budget spending and Obama Care. He owns this.
Obama Care is already having a devastating impact on our economy.
Thanks to Giovanni's Coal Fire Pizza of Florida for donating enough pizza to feed 750 Police Athletic League youngsters in NY this Friday.
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren on her show, On the Record, tonight on Fox News in the 10 p.m. hour.
Today's #trumpvlog answers your tweets about my thoughts on the Republican candidates... Morning Joe Panel is stealing many of my statements and ideas to better America without giving credit -- the story of my life!
Republicans gave Obama a free pass to the White House -- they just don't get it.
I believe America can be great only with proper leadership.
Wake Up America -- China is eating our lunch.
All those politicians in Washington and not one good negotiator.
Why I would not have approved the deal... No taxes the only good thing about DC Debt Deal.
Why should we have any defense cuts in any deal? America must remain strong.
Disappointed in GOP and Dems---Giving Obama power to raise the debt limit next year is a mistake.
Ex-Presidential Pollster Pat Cadell says most voters sick of both paWe need economic growth and jobs not blue ribbon panels to study the problem.
No taxes in Boehner or Reid Plan----impoWatched Sean Hannity last night -- a great guy.
"If Obama has to re-fight this fight next year he loses -- "Watch the fine details in every deal" -- The ABlue Ribbon Commission to find and agree to future spending cuts? Bad idea.
My wife Melania Trump's show was a tremendous success last night. In case you missed her, you can see her again tonight on @QVC at 7 pm ET
"@Johnboehner "The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it." --The APlease tweet me your questions to answer in my #trumpvlog.
People ask me every day to pose for pictures but the camera never works the first time--they are never prepared or maybe just very nervous!
"Know when to walk away from the table." The AWatch my wife Melania Trump tonight on @QVC at 1 a.m. So proud of her!
Higher Taxes kill job creation---cut wild government spending and waste.
China has so much of our debt that they can't put us in default w/o killing themselves---US needs our toughest negotiator---and fast!
America's debt is greater than our GDP. Time for new thinking.
My thoughts on the situation in Norway and Amanda Knox... Fiscal mismanagement of cash costing US Taxpayer billions---cut fraud and waste before cutting funding for Seniors.
Obama, sadly, has no business or private sector background---and it shows.
The pressure on the debt ceiling is on @BarackObama.... The Answer to both Social Security and Medicare is a robust growing economy---not cuts on the elderly.
We need a balanced budget Amendment because Congress has no fiscal discipline.
Unfo"Ronald Kessler's new book "The Secrets of the FBI" is a great book that should be read by everyone."
Increasing America’s debt weakens us domestically and internationally." - US Senator @BarackObama, 2007
My interview on @gretawire last night - "Our Leaders Are Leading Us Into 'Oblivion'" "The Gang of Six" - yet another unmitigated disaster. ANY DEAL NEEDS TO REPEAL OBAMACARE. T-E-A.
China is our enemy--they want to destroy us" -- Redstate Interview
Obama is addicted to spending America into insolvency. His record proves it.
Robust Economic growth is the answer to the Medicare Problem--not cuts on the elderly.
While @BarackObama seeks to fu"@johnboehner @EricCantor "You can't con people...if you don't deliver the goods, people will eventually catch on." - The ASo China is ordering us to raise the Debt Limit...How low have we as a nation sunk?
The GOP doesn't waste an oppoEvery dollar @BarackObama spends costs $1.40 with interest borrowed from China on our children and grandchildren's backs. CUT-CAP-BALANCE!
#trumpvlog The Republicans must act now, don't let @barackobama push you around.... Congratulations to my daughter Ivanka and her husband Jared on the bi@marcorubio is right. We need to create more taxpayers, not more taxes. CUT, CAP AND BALANCE. Who will be the next @TheRealTeenUSA? Find out this Saturday at 8PM ET on missteenusa.com #TeenUSA
"What is better advice- "The ACUT, CAP AND BALANCE. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY!
Take a look at US News named the Top10 best hotels in the US--and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower NYC and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower Chicago are on the list!
While @BarackObama tries to push gun control My interview last night with Greta on the GOP going El Foldo "@johnboehner Debt Ceiling- "Sometimes no deal is better than a bad deal."
More thoughts on the debt ceiling in today's #trumpvlog... "@macmiller "Donald Trump the Song" gets 16M hits on YouTube. Who wouldn't be flattered?"
"@johnboehner "Much as it pays to emphasize the positive, there are times when the only choice is confrontation." The A@johnboehner Mr. Speaker, bring the Balanced Budget Amendment to the floor for a vote! Let's get the ball rolling.
On our YouTube channel- the opening of the incredible Trump Ocean Club in Panama.... Derek Jeter's baseball and more in today's #trumpvlog... House GOP wants to cut Medicare, Obama took $500 billion from Medicare for Obamacare. Both Wrong!
ObamaCare Tragedy Primed to Fu@Obama - Iranian weapons killing Americans in Iraq? What are u doing about this? "@johnboehner Message for House GOP "The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it." - The AIf only @Obama was as focused on balancing the budget as he is on weakening Israel's borders then America would be on the path to solvency.
"THe ARepublicans should not negotiate against themselves again with @BarackObama in today's debt talks--First and foremost CUT,CAP and BALANCE.
Congress is back.TIME TO CUT, CAP AND BALANCE.There is no revenue problem.The Debt Limit cannot be raised until Obama spending is contained.
Perhaps this is the kind of thinking we need in Washington ... Tomorrow we'll be going to Panama for the opening of our new hotel. It's a fantastic building in a fantastic location. Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day holiday weekend, a great celebration for a great country.
Please read Did my weekly phoner on Fox & Friends this morning...sounding off on issues of the day ... I was in San Jose, CA on Saturday for a sit-down interview for the ACN national meeting which was attended by over 20,000 people. Huge!
Our new Miss USA, Alyssa Campanella, came up to my office today for a visit. We're proud to have her as our new title holder.
I've been visiting Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland and the course will be unmatched anywhere in the world. Spectacular! Congratulations to the Miss USA Pageant--it was the #1 telecast of the night among ABC, CBS, NBC and Fox. A great show and a huge success.
Tweet me your questions for the next #trumpvlog....
Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day, and a thank you to all the soldiers who protected our great country.
Be sure to watch The Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday at 9 pm on NBC. It's an episode you'll want to see---and one you won't forget!
Watch me tonight on The O'Reilly Factor at 8 pm and 11 pm EST, FOX News
The Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump last week was the #1 highest rated Comedy Central Roast ever...it brought in 3.5 milion viewers
Hey @realjeffreyross @whitney cummings @lisalampanelli: you call yourselves comedians? #TrumpRoast tonight 10:30/9:30c on @ComedyCentral.
Hey @SnoopDogg @ItstheSituation @SethMacFarlane: Oh, I'm real scared. #TrumpRoast airs tonight at 10:30/9:30 on @Comedy Central.
Tweet me more of your questions to answer in the next video....
I appeared on David Letterman last night. And don't forget Sunday night---the first episode of Celebrity Apprentice will be on NBC at 9 pm.
THe Westminster Dog Show asked if I'd be interested in meeting Hickory, a Scottish Deerhound, who won Best in Show. She came to visit today!
It was great to appear on Piers Morgan Tonight last night as his first live guest. Piers won the Celebrity Apprentice and he's fantastic.
Watch Melania on QVC this morning from 10 a.m. to 11 a.m. with her third line of her "Melania Timepieces & Jewelry" collection...
THe people at shouldtrumprun.com have got it right! How are our factories supposed to compete with China and other countries...
Don't miss my fabulous World of Golf now in its second season on Golf Channel beginning January 31 at 9 pm ET. Celebrity matches and more...
Don't forget to watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, 12:35 a.m. on NBC. I'll be making a big announcement!
This afternoon I'll be speaking with Neil Cavuto on Your World with Neil Cavuto, 4 p.m. on FOX News.
Watch me on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon tomorrow night at 12:35 a.m. on NBC--I'll be making a big announcement!
“Leverage: don’t make deals without it.” – The ARaising the capital gains tax in this fragile economic time is the dumbest thing Washington could do. So they will probably do it.
Once again Obama is going to lose on another prospective nomination. Chuck Hagel will not be named Sec. of Defense--&amp, probably shouldn't be.
Obama wants taxes to go up so he can take credit for lowering them next year.
Any deal completed before the fiscal curb must have tangible cuts on expenditures, in baseline spending, so we can get our credit back.
The Republicans once again hold all the cards with the debt ceiling. They can get everything they want. Focus!
My @gretawire interview re: how the debt ceiling is key point, the fiscal curb &amp, why we must &amp, can make a great deal. Spolier ale“Donald Trump on Fiscal Cliff and Obama” "True courage is being afraid, and going ahead and doing your job anyhow, that's what courage is. " - Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf (1934-2012)"
Sorry to hear of yesterday’s passing of General Norman Schwarzkopf. He was a terrific general and leader--we could use more like him.
“To be successful, you must become very good at finding creative solutions to what appear to be impossible problems.” – Think BIG
Republicans remember—debt ceiling, debt ceiling, debt ceiling—be smaIt’s Thursday. How much time did Washington waste today trying to find a solution on the so-called fiscal cliff?
.@MacMiller’s “Donald Trump” I told the Republicans the debt ceiling talks should come before election--&amp, we would have a Republican president—they wouldn’t listen.
I hate hearing after all of the hard work that @MittRomney never wanted to become President.
Back by popular demand, the fabulous @LilJon returns to the record setting 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. The fans love him!
When renovations are completed, Trump National Doral will be the finest resoCongratulations to @FLGovScott --- the state is really making progress --- and fast!
Watching these politicians trying to get a deal done is truly painful --- Republicans are in a much stronger position than they think.
Must read @WSJ column by Senator Phil Gramm - “The Multiple Disto“I’m a great believer in asking everyone for an opinion before I make a decision. It’s a natural reflex.” – The A"Donald Trump: GOP Has ‘Nuclear Weapon’ In Fiscal Cliff Negotiation, But They Don’t Know It" My Monday @foxandfriends interview discussing the fiscal cliff negotiations, making the big deal and who has the cards From my family to yours...I want to wish you all a very merry Christmas!
There is no better place in the world to spend Christmas than Mar-a-Lago .@NBC really happy with how well the #MissUniverse pageant went.
“Deals are my a@trondbe“Miss Universe Ratings -- 6.1 Million Viewers Best Since 2008”“Donald Trump to Build Trump Towers Complex in Rio de Janeiro” How is @VanityFair editor Graydon CaWashington is in total gridlock—no trust, no leadership—very interesting!
Dopey @Rosie--I never went bankrupt--ABC already apologized to me for your stupid statement in the past--they didn't want a lawsuit.
.@Rosie--If America's Got Talent uses you, the show will fail like all your others!
Work hard, play hard and live to the hilt." - Think Like a Billionaire
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest." - Dalai Lama
Our new @MissUniverse Olivia Culpo is not only beautiful but intelligent and accomplished. She is a wonderful role model.
You get what you vote for. US credit rating is about to be downgraded once again When I bought the #MissUniverse pageant 13 years ago, it was on life suppo...now it’s the “greatest pageant on eaRatings for #MissUniverse pageant were highest in 4 years. @NBC likes me (and I like them!)
China is robbing us blind in trade deficits and stealing our jobs, yet our leaders are claiming 'progress' "The biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life..."
... So if you want to aim high, you have to have the guts to handle the inevitable bumps in the road." - Think BIG
"Via @AP: "Miss USA Olivia Culpo is crowned Miss Universe" Ratings increase 15% over last year. Watch @MissUSA Olivia Culpo crowned as @MissUniverse 2012 in the Trump #MissUniverse Pageant The #MissUniverse women totally blow away the Victoria’s Secret women!
Dummy Graydon Ca@mattwiemeri Thanks!
If Sheena Monnin apologized for her mistake, as she should have, I would have treated her very nicely.
Sheena Monnin acted terribly...she got what she deserved!
Tweet me tonight who your favorite is during the live telecast of the Miss Universe Pageant.
Back by popular demand, @GiulianaRancic and @BravoAndy are co-hosting tonight's #MissUniverse pageant. They are great!
This is a buyers’ market. Buy now. You will thank me in 3 years.
The #MissUniverse Pageant is the biggest pageant of them all—by far!
Pageant people are really talking about Venezuela, Brazil, Mexico, USA, India, Australia.
Okay, I think I’m going to do it—I’ll open the Miss Universe Pageant as Santa tonight at 8 pm on @NBC
.@VanityFair looks like a dying magazine! Really really boring, really really thin!
Worst ever issue of @VanityFair magazine—bad food Graydon Ca@agreatguy Great idea re minute of silence tonight--thank you.
I hope Newtown CT can now sta.@MissUSA Olivia Culpo has been a star, a young Audrey Hepburn.
Miss Universe contestants are amazing—the most beautiful ever!
They asked me to dress as Santa Claus to open Miss Universe tonight—I’m thinking about it!
In Las Vegas for the Miss Universe Pageant—airing tonight on @nbc at 8 o’clock.
“Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are often stiffened.” – Rev. @BillyGraham
"Via @examinercom: "The Miss Universe contestants glow with elegance during the Trump Holiday Pa@jean_penny Hi Jean
Many people advised me not to buy the Miss Universe pageant. They were all wrong. The deal worked out to be a great one!
The tragedy in Newtown really makes you understand how life is so fragile. Must appreciate every minute!
In light of Newtown, our country has to pull together.
“Donald Trump’s Miss USA Pageant Scores $5 Million Legal Victory Following Rigged Claims” Video game violence &amp, glorification must be stopped—it is creating monsters!
I find the photos of these children killed in Newtown in the New York Post heaPresident Obama spoke for me and every American in his remarks in #Newtown Connecticut.
In moments like this,we are all just Americans. I join with the President, religious and civic leaders and encourage all to pray today.
A horrible day for Newtown, CT and our country yesterday. My condolences to all of the families so tragically affected.
Windmills are destroying every country they touch--- and the energy is unreliable and terrible. Thousands of fans have been sending letters to Trump Tower in anticipation of @CelebApprentice. Really good show.
“All the things I love is what my business is all about.” - @MaWatching Pyongyang terrorize Asia today is just amazing!
A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. -- Abraham Lincoln
We can’t even stop the Norks from blasting a missile. China is laughing at us. It is really sad.
“There is no worse feeling than being trapped in a job you do not enjoy. You have to love what you do.” - Think Big
Egypt is a total mess. We should have backed Mubarak instead of dropping him like a dog.
The gorgeous contestants of Trump Miss Universe are so excited to be simulcast on both @nbc and @Telemundo. Will be a beautiful show!
I have helped many friends and colleagues in their business ventures. They always thank me after they succeed. #MIDASTOUCH
You get what you vote for. 21% of small business owners planning to cut their workforce in 2013 No money wasted like bad ads—the Republicans spent more &amp, got nothing for it.
Can you believe the Republicans are studying the Democrats on how to win an election?
I let @pennjillette come back on the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice after he relentlessly begged me to--good t.v.
"Argyll grandmother takes UK and EU to the United Nations over plans to turn Scotland into windfarm 'hedgehog' " For those of you in trouble—(in these troubled times)—never, ever give up!
Re Real Estate: You don’t necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal...
...you can enhance location through promotion and work.
Re Life: Life is very fragile and success doesn’t change that. If anything, success makes it more fragile.
“The biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life. So if you want to aim high, you have be able to handle the bumps.”–Think Big
Great – we are sending even more F-16’s to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt The Republicans must use the debt ceiling as leverage to make a great deal!
It’s Tuesday. How many more customers has Glenfiddich lost today?
Trump Miss Universe, simulcast on @nbc and @Telemundo on December 19th, will once again deliver an ente“Fans like winners. They come to watch stars – great, exciting players who do great exciting things.” - The AHe’s back and causing more trouble than ever before! @THEGaryBusey returns in the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice.
"Mogul Donald Trump has many powerful friends. And it turns out one of them is Anna Wintour.” "Donald Trump: Anna Wintour Ambassadorship Would Be ‘A Favor To The Country’" "TRUMP: GOP MUST DUMP 'USELESS' ROVE TO WIN PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS" ...If you plan for the worst—if you can live with the worst—the good will always take care of itself.
Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.
China is buying so many of our companies-- it’s really getting bad.
.@GolfMonthly re: my Scottish course “Quite simply, this is not the best new links course in the UK, it is the best links course, full stop
Some dope tweeted my message to my friend Bill Belichick incorrectly--they called him Bob. Sorry Bill! @Patriots
Being true to yourself equals being true to your brand. That's the solid foundation that stands the test of time." Midas Touch
If you love your work, the difficulties will be balanced out by the enjoyment." Think Big
Good luck to Bob Kraft, Tom Brady, and Coach Bill Belichick tonight.
"I believe in spending what you have to. But I also believe in not spending more than you should."-The AIf the Republicans ever want to win a presidential election in the next 30 years they must get rid of @KarlRove. He is useless.
I still don't get how @KarlRove spent $400 million &amp, lost all.
The Ground Zero Mosque should not go up where planned. It is wrong. My offer still stands to buy the propeThe lunatics in Congress banned the word ‘lunatic’ from Congress last week “You can’t con people, at least not for long. If you don’t deliver the goods, people will eventually catch on.” - The AGreat win by the @nyjets yesterday. If they run the table, they will make the playoffs.
Great knockout on Saturday by Juan Manuel Marquez on Manny Pacquiao. A great fight!
The government is borrowing 46 cents on every dollar it spends The Chinese are smaChina is about to acquire a unit of AIG, which we bailed out, for $5.5B I just bought stock in Tiffany &amp, Company and McDonald's. Two ends of the spectrum but I like both companies.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar—you are the worst kind of loser—a total fool.
.@Lord_Sugar If you didn’t say the iPod would be gone in a year, you might have been really rich instead of the peanut money you have.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar You should thank me for having created the platform on which you became known--The Apprentice. Say Thank you Donald
Dopey Sugar—@Lord_Sugar Isn’t it sad that my golf course in Scotland just got “best new course in the world”—it’s woDopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar Bad ratings--come on, keep making me money--remember, I own your show.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar I hear your ratings last week were at an all time low--you better get them up or you'll be fired.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar I never go silent. I was buying a major propeSorry for such silence—spent weekend at closing of Ritz Carlton in Jupiter, Florida—just bought it, will be great!
People ask me what I do in my free time. The answer--I don't have any.
This is such a special time to be in New York City. No better city in the world to celebrate Christmas!
Many people still out of power in Staten Island. Absolutely ridiculous. Why can't they get service?
This year's Trump Miss Universe Pageant is comprised of truly beautiful women.Will be simulcast live December 19th on @nbc and @Univision.
Today's job repo"Quote of the Day: Donald Trump Decrees Boycott on Glenfiddich Scotch" Back by popular demand, TV personality @TheRealMarilu returns in the record 13th season of 'All Star' @CelebApprentice. Marilu does great!
"Via @digitalspyus: "Donald Trump to Lord Sugar: 'Drop to your knees and thank me'" I just retained Sir Nick Faldo to be the architect of the Red Course at Doral--he will do a tremendous job! @NickFaldo006
To Tom Brady @patriots and Gisele--Best wishes on the biDopey @Lord_Sugar I'm woDopey @Lord_Sugar People are calling in saying you are being beaten badly w/ the tweets...
...@Lord_Sugar You need the income from the show to keep going--hope it doesn't hu“There are 2 things I’ve found I’m very good at: overcoming obstacles and motivating good people to do their best work.”–The ADopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar The wind turbines are ruining the beauty &amp, majesty of Scotland...
.@Lord_Sugar....but you wouldn’t notice because you have no vision and you are a total loser.
".@Lord_Sugar - nice call on predicting that the iPOD would be "dead, finished, gone, kaput" Dopey Sugar.@Lord_Sugar ...Your net woDopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar--I'm woSugar @Lord_Sugar Why don't you tell the public what you're really woSugar @Lord_Sugar Unlike yours, my financials are phenomenal. People don't know your real numbers &amp, would not be impressed.
Sugar @Lord_Sugar—you should say thank you, Donald, like a good little boy... ...
...instead of biting the hand that feeds you! Don’t bother, just keep making me money!
We are way over the fiscal cliff. And with Obama Care being fully implemented in less than 14 months, it may be too late.
Alex Rodriguez has played under 140 games in each of the last five seasons. He will miss half of next season. Really bad deal for @yankees.
Dopey @Lord_Sugar—Look in the mirror and thank the real Lord that Donald Trump exists. You are nothing!
When I made the Apprentice the #1 show in the US, that was a good day for you...
... and many others. Drop to your knees, Sugar, and say thank you, Mr. Trump.
Sugar: @Lord_Sugar--Keep working hard so I make plenty of $ with your show...
...You have little persona, but The Apprentice concept is great and lucky for you!
Sugar: @Lord_Sugar—unlike you, I own The Apprentice. You were never successful enough...
Jimmy Fallon show will be great tonight - I'm on!
.... to do The Apprentice but I approved you anyway. Without my show you’d be nothing!
.@Lord_Sugar If you think ugly windmills are good for Scotland you are an even worse businessman than I thought...
... and, in my opinion, should not be doing The Apprentice.
You’re all wrong—check the facts! UK is massively subsidizing Scotland’s wind turbines &amp, the people don’t want them.
How can George Osborne reduce UK debt while spending billions to subsidize Scotland’s garbage wind turbines that are destroying the country?
When I renovated Wollman Rink in Central Park, it came in $750,000 under budget..
... and opened a full month ahead of schedule. Case is taught in Wha@sinnerofa10shun Work hard and love what you do!
All the contestants have arrived to compete in Trump Miss Universe Pageant in Las Vegas. Today’s welcoming ceremony will be terrific!
My suppoVia @USATODAY: “Trump endorses Wintour for ambassadorship” Karzai of Afghanistan is not sticking with our signed agreement. They are dropping us like dopes. Get out now and re-build U.S.!
Is PM Cameron a dummy? With monumental cuts in UK spending, how come he continues to spend billions of pounds ...
....on ruining Scotland’s beauty with ugly &amp, costly wind turbines?
Scots should boycott Glenfiddich garbage for not choosing great Olympic &amp, U.S. Open champ Andy Murray over total loser Michael Forbes.
Twisted Sister frontman @deesnider shines in the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice. The Iron Man of Rock and Roll is great!
Republicans have the cards because of the debt ceiling—but it doesn’t seem that way!
25 days to go until fiscal cliff (bad name)—it is only a fiscal curb! Debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff...and that will be interesting!
.@johnboehner—if you can’t make a great deal go over the cliff &amp, negotiate new deal along with debt ceiling in February!—Trump 101.
Speaker @johnboehner seems to have gained strength in house—a good thing!
Dave Brubeck was great and will be missed!
“I like thinking big. To me it’s very simple: if you’re going to be thinking anyway, you might as well think big.” – The A@vincedelisi Thanks!
“Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful.” -- Norman Vincent Peale
“I don’t see the point of being politically correct if that means actually being incorrect.” – Donald J. Trump 'Midas Touch'
.@danabrams Dan, of course stories on me do well. Glad you have found a medium you can actual do well on. TV was not your foThe record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice features the return of the beautiful @BrandenRoderick. The fans love her!
I am happy to hear that Pres.Obama is considering giving Anna Wintour @voguemagazine an ambassadorship. She is a winner &amp, really smaVia @scotsmandotcom: “Awards for Trump’s golf course” .@GeorgeTakei is doing really well &amp, soon coming to Broadway.
We are getting rid of all Glenfiddich garbage alcohol from Trump propeTell ‘Top Scot’ Michael Forbes to clean up his propeGlenfiddich is a joke—should have chosen Andy Murray—U.S. Open &amp, Olympic gold winner—as Top Scot instead of a total loser!
If you are planning to visit the world famous Trump Tower Atrium, be sure to come early. During the holiday season it is packed by 10AM
The addition of the iconic Doral ResoThe stock of my shiA-Rod @Yankees had hip surgery &amp, will be out 6 months. Do you notice all the “druggies” have bad hips.
The @Yankees should break A-Rod's contract immediately—he misrepresented.
.@danabrams, editor of @mediaite, explained on radio this morning that I am so widely covered because I draw high interest. True!
Congratulations to David Wright on signing a long term extension with the @Mets. David is an exceptional player and person.
Fan favorite @LilJon once again shines in the record 13th season of 'All Star' @CelebApprentice. He is an amazing &amp, wonderful guy!
Great defense by the @nyjets this weekend—congratulations to @woodyjohnson4—only 6 points allowed!
Just won the highest rated sanitary award in NY—an A--&amp, the food is great also. Trump Grill/ 57th &amp, 5th.
Just completed purchase of magnificent Ritz Carlton in Jupiter, Florida. Will be renamed Trump National Golf Club &amp, be tremendous success.
The networks are all driving me crazy to do television shows—“a ratings machine”—but because of Apprentice have been loyal to NBC.
The Democrats have zero intention of coming to any deal on the "fiscal cliff." They will raise taxes and blame it on the Republicans.
Michael Forbes is a loser who failed to stop what was just named “the golf course of the year” and which has brought ...
Michael Forbes lives in a pigsty and bad liquor company Glenfiddich gave him Scot of the Year award...
Comic @sethmeyers21 bombed at University of Texas at Arlington—crowd was dismal as was his performance—I told you so!
I take great pride watching skaters enjoy the #TRUMP Rink in Central Park from my office--world's best skating rink “Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.” -- Winston Churchill
The Daily Snooze publishes lies about me. They should be ashamed but it will die very soon.
Obama is laughing at Karl Rove &amp, all the losers who spent hundreds of millions of dollars and didn’t win one race, including the big one!
Karl Rove is now making excuses for his total wasting of $400M—not one win—(the Republicans better get sma... Time for the Republicans to find someone new—and better.
Gold just set another record high on price with the largest physical gold sales on record Obama is totally “tweaking” the Republicans because he doesn’t respect them—they’ve got to change their ways.
I am very proud of @IvankaTrump for her work with @Cookies4kids. @Cookies4kids is a great cause helping children It’s about time for all Americans (Republicans &amp, Democrats) to force our elected officials to sta“Trump Brand Expands To South America: The Donald Lends His Name To Luxury Tower In Uruguay” ".@nbcnightlynews (Brian Williams, anyone?) says women warriors are "every bit as tough as the guys." Just think about that statement!"
Was with @jacknicklaus yesterday--great golfer, great architect, great guy!
I'll be honored at the Family Business Dynasties Gala in NYC on December 5th. It will be a great event for a great cause.
As I said on @foxandfriends this a.m., you have to give Obama credit—he won! ...
... The Republicans just didn’t resonate with the people—but they will have better days.
Thank you to @IvankaTrump for her wonderful acknowledgement this morning on @foxandfriends...
... The NY Daily Snooze totally lied and never even called my kids!
Now that it’s almost over, I can’t believe that unions &amp, management couldn’t save Twinkies etc--&amp, management just got a $1.75M bonus.
I’m surprised that Gabriel Aubry has settled so quickly and easily with Halle—in the long run it was a wise decision.
In calling my tweets ‘obnoxious,’ @AOL says “I sure know how to keep them wanting more.” They are welcome. I just tell it like it is.
France is losing its businesses and wealth rapidly and day by day.
NYPD Officer Larry DePrimo has made the entire city proud with a his generous act of kindness Congratulations to @FoxNews for winning November in the cable news rating race with 9 of 10 top shows Team Trump with the recipients of our donations in the Rockaways. #Sandy "Golf Odyssey, one of golf's most respected publications, just named Trump International Golf Links Scotland "golf course of the year"
Always enjoy appearing on @extratv. @MarioLopezExtra &amp, @mariamenounos were terrific yesterday.
A clip from guest hosting @extratv yesterday on @nbc discussing Halle, Angus and Gen. Petraeus “He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot, will be victorious.” -- Sun Tzu
While Derek Jeter is training every day in the off season, repo. @BBCNews’ child molestation sex scandal is the latest in continued downward spiral of BBC.I know personally they do not check for accuracy
As a favor to my friends at EXTRA, I am co-hosting tonight at 7 p.m. on @nbc
Crude is about to pass $90/barrel. The OPEC monopoly must be broken. They are robbing our country blind.
It’s Thursday. How much did OPEC steal from all of us today?
Steven Spielberg is a great filmmaker. Go see "Lincoln.
The Trump Tower restaurant, Trump Grill, just received the highest sanitary inspection grade possible, “A” – the food is also great!
The Countryside PaScottish government having huge backlash on wind turbines. @AlexSalmond is becoming very unpopular.
"A look at the Trump hotel planned for the Old Post Office pavilion" FM @AlexSalmond of Scotland spent more than $750,000 of taxpayers $ to visit Ryder Cup in Chicago--peanuts compared to his windmill folly.
Great that Pres. O is seeing @MittRomney today—lots of good things can happen.
Jerry Finkelstein passed away last night--a great New York mover &amp, shaker &amp, a really great guy!
My son, @EricTrump, is in Memphis at St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital...
... where he raised 2 million dollars for the wonderful kids. Eric has a great heaNetworks are all wanting me to do shows—like it or not a “ratings machine”! –but time, I run a really big company!
It’s often necessary to boast, but it’s even better if others do it for you.” – Think Like A Billionaire
"One of the keys to thinking big is total focus.” – THE AI always enjoy speaking to young aspiring entrepreneurs. They are hungry, motivated and eager to learn. Proves America can still be great.
Visiting LA? Be sure to make a reservation at Trump National Golf Club "You can’t know it all yourself--anyone who thinks that they do is destined for mediocrity.” -- The Way To The Top"
“The most impo7 of 10 Americans prefer 'Merry Christmas' over 'Happy Holidays' PerveGabriel Aubry should learn how to fight—he became a punching bag. Always drama with Halle B!
Susan Rice is a good woman but Pres. O should not taunt the Republicans by appointing her S of S...
...Get along &amp, make deals for the good of the country!
Be sure to visit the world renowned Trump Tower Atrium to see our holiday decorations.Why do the Republicans always negotiate against themselves in public? Watching them operate these fiscal negotiations is painful.
Treasury has refused to name China a currency manipulator even though the yuan “remains significantly undervalued” I still can’t get over how the Republicans—my friends—spent hundreds of millions of dollars on such terrible &amp, ineffective ads.
I just left the Doral in Miami--it is going to be amazing!Anthony Hopkins is a truly great actor--I love everything he does!
“Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.” -- @jack_welch
You can benefit from others’ wisdom. Not just their mistakes but the good decisions and insight they have to offer.” -- The Way To The Top
“To keep your goals alive you must take action every day. No one should care about your money and success more than you do.” -- Think Big
"It’s more impo@DJT_biggest_fan @IvankaTrump Ivanka is a great example.
Are you ready for the All Star @CelebApprentice? @TraceAdkins is back in the upcoming season...which is the best yet!
Join @ericbolling to get @vanessariddle to 100k followers. Beautiful girl with stage 4 cancer."The best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have.” – THE AChina just landed a jet on an aircraft carrier stolen from a U.S. design. ...It's called intellectual propeUS tourists threaten to boycott Scotland over windfarms' The Muslim Brotherhood dictator in Egypt is bad news. He will never be our true ally!
Want to know why China is growing? They can build the world’s tallest building in 90 days With the economy still on a downward trajectory, the best investment young people can make now is buying prope...and borrow cheap! You will thank me someday.
When you’re “hot” the lowlifes really shoot at you... and they try hitting from every angle! Never let the bastards get you down.
Glad to see my interview with Ronald Kessler @Newsmax_Media. Hopefully the @GOP can get the message.
.@HuffingtonPost actually gave me a positive story yesterday!
Wind turbines are totally destroying the areas in which they are located—all for unreliable, bad &amp, expensive energy!
You have to set higher and higher goals. You have to want more or you will sta"Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes fa"A president either is constantly on top of events or, if he hesitates, events will soon be on top of him...
... I never felt that I could let up for a moment." -- Harry S. Truman
Democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely...
Glad to see 9 more Iraq and Afghan war veterans joining the next Congress "Think of yourself like a one-man army. You're not only the commander in chief, you're the soldier as well." – Think Like A Billionaire"
In war there is no substitute for victory." -- Douglas MacAWindmills are a bigger safety hazard than either coal or oil "Most people can learn from their own experiences quite well, but many ignore the experiences and lessons of others." -- The Way To The Top
Congratulations to the Rolling Stones on marking their 50th anniversary in London.
If you treat people right they will treat you right...ninety percent of the time. -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
Hope everyone enjoyed their Thanksgiving. But get ready, our country is in big trouble!
My kids never negatively discussed my criticism of President Obama with me or anyone...it's not in their nature!
"The dishonest NY Daily News repoThe dying NY Daily News put out a false repoHAPPY THANKSGIVING to everyone--I love you all, even my many enemies (sometimes!).
“I also protect myself by being flexible. I never get too attached to one deal or one approach.” – THE AOn December 19th the @MissUniverse pageant will be broadcast live in over 190 countries to one billion viewers. @nbc
It does not cost anything to dream. Spend your time enjoying your big dreams." -- Think Big
I am having 600 Thanksgiving dinners sent to the Rockaways--prepared by my wonderful Trump Grill/Trump Tower staff. #SandyRelief
For those asking, my son, @EricTrump, makes zero $$ running his charity &amp, raises a great deal of $$, all of it for @StJude @EricTrumpFdn
Direct foreign investments continue to flow into China at over $100B a year I hope Washington makes a good deal to avePres. Obama’s steady suppo.@latoyajackson is once again at the top of her game in the upcoming All Star season of @CelebApprentice. Amazing in the boardroom...
.@TrumpSoho has just been awarded the AAA Five Diamond Award. Congratulations to the team for this great recognition of their amazing work.
"A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his oppo"...and an optimist is one who makes oppo"We are not retreating--we are advancing in another direction." -- Douglas MacAThe Holiday Season in New York City is a very special time. I love seeing and meeting the many tourists who visit the #TRUMP Tower atrium.
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking." --George S. Patton
Obama met with Chinese Premier Wen yesterday France was just stripped of its AAA bond rating. With the PMs radical tax rates...
...expect the country to be fu"The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself." -- Douglas MacAI was nice to loser @rosie and she attacked me--it just shows never let up with a bully. They only fade when you hit them hard!
I am going to give @Rosie a pass. @Rosie is desperate to get back on TV so she can be on yet another show that can be quickly canceled.
A must read for any country or community considering wind turbines. The EU just dropped their self-imposed carbon tax. I bet they wish they had all that money back!
“Even such traits as who makes the most eye contact in conversation can be an indication of who seeks to dominate.” Think Like A Billionaire
The upcoming All Star season of @CelebApprentice has @lisarinna returning to compete. She doesn’t disappoint!
What you dream about is what you do. If you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big."--Think Big
The @EricTrumpFDN is doing amazing work helping the children...
... at St. Jude Children's Research Hospital FLASHBACK – “Donald Trump Answers Boy’s Prayer for New Bike” I gave out the Male Athlete of the Year Award last night to my friend @MichaelPhelps—22 Olympic medals—a record that will never be broken.
We should remember that during this entire Petraeus episode,over 50 of our nation's bravest have died in Afghanistan...
... It is time to get out and rebuild our own nation.
Washington must come together on a deal to avoid a fiscal cliff. If taxes are raised, they must come with real, hard cuts.
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. " -- Mark Twain
“We are fully suppoRemember victims of Hurricane Sandy during Thanksgiving. Many will not be celebrating the holiday in comfo@Bluecollar96 Dummy--I never went bankrupt.
Petraeus is already negotiating a book deal. "Rapper Mac Miller's song, "Donald Trump" has reached close to 72 million hits. He owes me big!"
Repo... ...Do your research before donating this holiday season!
.@unicef Caryl M. Stern CEO is driving around in a Rolls Royce...
...while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar. She should be ashamed!
.@redcross CEO’s salary in 2011 was $951,957. Where is the outrage?
All because of me- people don’t care about you Cher. "@cher My week on twitter 1k retweets , 29 new listings 15k new followers 2k mentions.
The Hostess closing did not have to happen--should have been an easy deal to make.
Does anyone really believe that President Obama found out about Petraeus immediately after the election?
Everybody tells me not to hit back at the lowlifes that go after me for PR--sorry, but I must. It's my nature.
My @foxandfriends interview discussing the Benghazi cover-up, Hostess' closing &amp, celebrating Thanksgiving with family ".@chelseahandler--stop calling my office for me to do your rather "gross" show--I have less interest in you than Andre."
.@chelseahandler—stop trying to get your hotelier boyfriend back—a lost cause—he can do much better!
It makes me feel so good to hit "sleazebags" back -- much better than seeing a psychiatrist (which I never have!)
The Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach is one of the most successful places on ea@realDonaldTrump @LaurenScruggs Lauren--you are fantastic and an inspiration.
.@LaurenScruggs, who was badly injured by an airplane, was great on The Today Show!
Now China is trying to take over a U.S. airbase “Much as it pays to emphasize the positive, there are times when the only choice is confrontation.” – The AWith the run on our dollar about to take place, commodity prices will rise. Gold, silver, &amp, timber will spike-- also, ceFiscal cliff negotiations have officially begun between the President and Congress---Washington must come together and make a deal.
“Trump could be great friend if ‘Second Amendment’ enthusiasm is real” Congratulations to @Mets @RADickey43 on becoming the first knuckleball pitcher to ever win the CY Young award!
I have an open door policy for my employees. I'm accessible because I like to know what's going on." -- The Midas Touch
A house divided against itself cannot stand." --Abraham Lincoln
President Obama, we need to protect our closest ally, Israel. The situation in the Middle East is at a tipping point.
"If the government doesn't staWith our record debt &amp, trillion $ deficits, our $ is now at an all-time low against the Chinese Yuan. Time for our gov't to work together.
“All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.” – Walt Disney
Don't assume you have to accept the hand you were dealt." – Think Like A Billionaire
Yesterday the Christmas tree arrived at Rockefeller Plaza. An iconic event for New York!
"Donald Trump's Guns" by @EmilyMiller @washtimes Golf bookings for next season on Scottish course are already double our projections for April opening—great news... Announced 3 years ago that Scottish course would close in winter, like Kingsbarns and others--too cold.
Our country is being torn apa@rcthompson01 @cher I agree
Just signed contract to purchase the Ritz Carlton in Jupiter, Florida--great land, great location, great future!
.@WendyWilliams Thanks for the nice statement, especially about my wife and kids- very much appreciated.
A former classmate, Roy Eaton, has published a great book, “Makers, Shakers &amp, Takers” – check it out Obama’s own top donor is now laying employees off and lowering hours in anticipation of Obama Care Trump Towers, Istanbul, Sisli will be one of the country’s top landmarks The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral. "I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell."--Harry S. Truman"
Had a great time going over renovations for Trump National Doral this past weekend. It is going to be amazing. To aspiring entrepreneurs, always remember that if your enemies aren’t talking about you, then you aren’t doing well...and must work harder!
Celebrate 2013 @TrumpSoHo with downtown's nicest #NYE paGen. Petraeus has agreed to testify in the Senate on Benghazi. I will be watching.
Help those affected by #Sandy. @TrumpSoHo is giving $10 per booking made by 11/23 to @RedCross for #sandyrelief. "You can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be woThe upcoming record 13th season of @CelebApprentice is going to be very special. Our production team's ingenuity is amazing.
“The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.” – Vince Lombardi
"First of all, you don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal." -- The AIt’s amazing how people can talk about me but I’m not allowed to talk about them.
.@cher--I don’t wear a “rug”—it’s mine. And I promise not to talk about your massive plastic surgeries that didn’t work.
General Petreus and his family are paying a big price!
.@cher should spend more time focusing on her family and dying career!
Paula Broadwell's book on Gen. Petreus is titled "All In." Did she know something?
Our $17T national debt and $1T yearly budget deficits are a national security risk of the highest order.
Don't forget Benghazi.
The sex scandal at the CIA and Pentagon is rapidly unfolding--getting more interesting by the minute!
After Friday’s Twilight release, I hope Robe.@maddow Standing in front of wind turbines is sad. Rachel, windmills are terrible for the environment—
...they are costly, inefficient, bird killing, community destroying machines. They are obsolete! @maddow
My fragrance--"Success"-- is flying off the shelves @Macys. The perfect Christmas gift!
.@davidaxelrod David--Thank you, my great honor for a very wo“Strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective.” -- Andrew Mellon
Scary – in the past 90 days, Obama has set over 6,125 regulatory burdens No surprise that @BBC is in a major scandal for shoddy journalism. Any network that air’s @antbaxter’s garbage has zero credibility.
How come every time I show anger, disgust or impatience, enemies say I had a tantrum or meltdown—stupid or dishonest people?
Businesses have already staSurprise-In a post-election delayed release, food stamp rolls surged to biggest monthly increase and an all-time high Yesterday was Veterans Day. I hope our armed service members felt appropriately honored. This nation loves and respects all of you.
We just passed 1.9M followers &amp, gained over 250,000 followers in the last month.Thank you--let's have fun and do business.
When someone attacks me, I always attack back...except 100x more. This has nothing to do with a tirade but rather, a way of life!
I am a very calm person but love tweeting about both scum and positive subjects. Whenever I tweet, some call it a tirade..totally dishonest!
Trump International Golf Links was just rated one of the greatest courses in the world. ViThe people of Scotland love Trump International Golf Links.
Aberdeen tourism is booming because of my great Scottish golf club.
"Many political pundits are using the term "A"Never ever quit, never give up" - Donald J. Trump, The AThanks- many are saying I'm the best 140 character writer in the world. It's easy when it's fun.
I love Twitter.... it's like owning your own newspaper--- without the losses.
I'm a skeptical guy, but I don't believe Petraeus used this to get out of the Benghazi hearings.
Wow,  I never saw the Petraeus thing coming. A straight laced guy! Very sad for him and his family.
I just passed a 10 block long gas line going to LGA airpoEverybody wants me to talk about RobeShe’s baaack! @Rosie needs me to salvage her dying career. But it won’t help-- she’s got no talent &amp, no persona. Too many tv cancellations!
Price gouging at many gas stations, $10 a gallon--welcome to the new world.
It’s hard to believe that we are rationing gas in NYC. OPEC is laughing all the way to the bank.
.@cyndilauper Condolences on the passing of your uncle, and best wishes.
.@antbaxter Only the stupid @BBC would air your garbage—no wonder they are in such deep trouble.
.@antbaxter Anthony—did you illegally take clips from the Letterman @Late_Show show and @GolfChannel without their approval?
.@antbaxter I predict somebody is going to sue you!
.@antbaxter Dummy,thanks for increasing awareness of my big golf project in Aberdeen—sales are thru the roof &amp, Aberdeen seeing big benefits.
.@antbaxter—Heard your documentary cost you less than $3,000 to make—where did you get that kind of money?
.@antbaxter—Your documentary works better than any sleeping pill—in fact that may be your only way to make money with this recycled garbage!
Why do so many people say I hate President Obama—I don’t hate the President at all. I just disagree with his policies!
9 million fewer people voted for Obama this election than last &amp, yet the Republicans lost—do you think they might be doing something wrong!
I got to know @johnboehner very well—he is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country!
I received such a nice letter today from someone who took refuge in Trump Tower during Sandy. It was my pleasure to help.
RobeThe election was a major setback for economy. All young entrepreneurs should be sure to calculate Obama's policies into their investments.
Of the 9 battleground states, we only carried No"Remember to watch the series finale of "The Men Who Built America" this Sunday at 8/7c on @History"
Polls show that the hurricane had a huge positive effect for Obama on his win- isn't that ridiculous?
Romney campaign used me in 6 primary states and won every one- they should have used me in Florida and Ohio &amp, he would be President.
Remember to watch the series finale of "The Men Who Built America" this Sunday at 8/7c on @History
China is heavily investing in building its own jet engine Thank you to @piersmorgan for your nice statement about me in the @HollywoodRepoChina's submarines will soon be carrying nukes China's Communist PaAt the end of the day, Obama won the battleground states by less than 500,000 votes. This was a winnable race. GOP needs to do better!
With taxes set to go up and Obama about to cut the mo.@davidaxelrod I'm sending you a check to help find a cure. @IvankaTrump says hi.
No surprise that all the foreign countries are celebrating Obama's win. They love a weak America that they can rip off.
Obama's administration is now openly admitting it expects US credit downgraded again I will and I agree! I staRussian leaders are publicly celebrating Obama's reelection. They can't wait to see how flexible Obama will be now.
It is that time of the year. The Trump Wollman Skating Rink is open to the public in Central Park. The greatest ice rink in the country.
Letterman @Late_Show had Brian Williams @NBCNightlyNews as guest last night, I was on last Thursday
...I trounced him in ratings &amp, Letterman beat @jayleno last Thursday. Brian—are you irrelevant?
Tweet me back if u think we should staA test: tweet me the reason @billmaher was fired from @ABC (other than his bad ratings).
.@hardball_chris says he’s “glad” we had a hurricane! With many people dying and thousands huThank you to Joe Passov (Travelin’ Joe) of Golf Magazine for the great a“A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason.” -- J. P. Morgan
Now that the election is over, watch Chrysler ship @Jeep production to China--my prediction.
It has been a pleasure to make so many friends and meet so many great people on the trail this past cycle. We will fight on!
Beijing had a bigger celebration than Chicago last night. The Chinese are happier with the election than we are.
The stock market and US dollar are both plunging today. Welcome to @BarackObama’s second term.
Congrats to @KarlRove on blowing $400 million this cycle. Every race @CrossroadsGPS ran ads in, the Republicans lost. What a waste of money.
Millions without electricity across NY &amp, NJ. The media has covered for Obama’s massive failure. Can you imagine if this was another Pres?
PerveAmazing, various celebrities were far harsher than me with political statements--- but media doesn't care about... It's freezing and snowing in New York--we need global warming!
We have to make America great again!
Our country is totally split right now but someday it will come together!
Another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it!
This was the Republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow.
Brian, if I'm "well past the last exit to relevance" how come you spent so much time reading my tweets last night? @NBCNightlyNews
Brian Williams was never a smaBrian, I hope @NBCNightlyNews isn't paying you too much--look at what's happening to nightly news.
Brian--Thanks dummy--I picked up 70,000 twitter followers yesterday alone. Cable News just passed you in the ratings. @NBCNightlyNews
The voting booth process was a total disaster—it could and should be much better and more efficient—tremendous room for error!
.@bwilliams--wouldn't you love to have my ratings?
The only thing more boring than @bwilliams newscast is his show Rock Center which is totally dying in the ratings—a disaster!
.@bwilliams knows that I think his newscast has become totally boring so he took a shot at me last night.
Trump volunteers were out early today to offload cases of food and supplies for hard-hit Rockaways residents #Sandy
I’ve sent a 10-wheeler filled with 358 master cases of food and supplies to my hometown of Queens today #TrumpCares
P.S. 42 in Queens is getting a truckload of food and much needed supplies for Rockaway residents #HurricaneSandyRelief
House of Representatives shouldn't give anything to Obama unless he terminates Obamacare.
Hopefully the House of Representatives can hold our country together for four more years...stay strong and never give up!
The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
Our nation is a once great nation divided!
Our country is now in serious and unprecedented trouble...like never before.
This election is a total sham and a travesty. We are not a democracy!
Lets fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice! The world is laughing at us.
We can't let this happen. We should march on Washington and stop this travesty. Our nation is totally divided!
Well, back to the drawing board!
Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light." --George Washington
Whoever wins today, remember that tomorrow we still have a country struggling. Our work is not done until America is strong again.
.@MRbelzer is a stone cold loser with no talent--why did they ever put him on "Law and Order?
I love show "Law and Order" but the @MRbelzer casting is the worst ever. No talent--unwatchable!
I have had the pleasure of getting to know @AnnDRomney &amp, @MittRomney this past year. They love America. Let's push them over the top today.
Do we still want a President who bows to the Saudis and lets OPEC rip us off? Make America strong, vote for @MittRomney.
The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina. There is no excuse why people don't have electricity or fuel yet.
.@ABFalecbaldwin Alec--it's not science, it's a con--read the e-mails.
The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina. There is no excuse why people don’t have electricity or fuel yet.
Obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the American public. He can't.
Watch Obama refuse to call Benghazi a terrorist attack on 9.12 If you experience any harassment or heckling at the polling places from Obama suppoNow Chinese state run companies are taking over our coal market Yesterday Obama campaigned with JayZ &amp, Springsteen while Hurricane Sandy victims across NY &amp, NJ are still decimated by Sandy. Wrong!
Make sure to verify the voting machine does not switch your vote. If you have any problems, notify the poll workers.
More repo“Change can’t be measured in speeches. It is measured in achievements.” -- @MittRomney yesterday in Fairfax, VA.
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing the close election, the enthusiasm gap between Mitt &amp, Obama &amp, the fiscal cliff Save Medicare. Vote for @MittRomney. He will repeal Obamacare on day one.
Very dangerous pattern developing across country by Obama suppoMake sure to vote today. Vote for real change. Change that will deliver jobs and a free &amp, strong America. Vote for @MittRomney.
The New Black Panthers are back at the same Philly polling station from '08 In the 1950’s our climate was far more unstable than it has been over the last 5 years.
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.
Watch this behind the scenes video of @IvankaTrump's Fall 2012 collection photo shoot- Me voting--- it really is my hair! Remember: Obama turned down $5M to charity which I said I would increase by 10X to $50M--just to show simple records. He's hiding lots!
If you voted for Obama in 2008 to prove you were not a racist then vote for Romney in 2012 to prove you are not stupid." Thanks Walter D!
The Apprentice was the #1 show on television last season on Sunday from 10 to 11 --- congratulations Donald!
Despite the upcoming election, the cover of paper-thin Time Magazine looks like an ad for the movie Lincoln--sad!
Before you vote, think: Obama wants to raise taxes, @MittRomney wants to lower taxes--need I say more!
Why is Obama playing basketball today? That is why our country is in trouble!
I was invited to be with Mitt Romney tonight --- win, lose, or draw, I’ll be there!
Answer to your questions- I will be voting at 10:30 AM at Lighthouse International 110 East 60th Street, Manhattan
Go out and vote--- this will be the most impoTune in for #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC tomorrow morning.
Benghazi is bigger than Watergate. Don’t let Obama get away with allowing Americans to die. Kick him out of office tomorrow.
The outer boroughs of Manhattan are still devasted by Sandy. How would the press cover this if a Republican was President.
China is worried. The polls are trending for @MittRomney. They won’t be able to steal from us anymore.
.@ABFAlecBaldwin P.S. Your brother @StephenBaldwin7 is doing very well on @ApprenticeNBC--and he stated he "adores you.
.@ABFAlecBaldwin They were rising in the 1950's then went back down--they will go up and down through eternity.
Voting for @GovGaryJohnson is voting for Obama--don't waste your vote!
Tomorrow’s election will have historic repercussions for our country. Make America strong again. Vote for @MittRomney.
After 13 seasons, @ApprenticeNBC easily beat Shark Tank in ratings last year-- better demos as well.
.@mcuban, Shark Tank was shoved to Friday evening-- Friday is considered “dead television.” Besides, you are not the star (&amp, never will be).
Obama just stated "It's always good to ignore Donald Trump." I state he is right, especially when the truth is against him.
.@mcuban Baseball commissioner and owners were sma"I believe in the America that never gives up, never stops striving, never ceases believing in itself." -- @MittRomney, 11.2.12"
Via @WSJ: “A New Direction For America” by @MittRomney
Obama is angry, frustrated and desperate. He said “voting is the best revenge” Like Al Sharpton, @DonnyDeutsch apologized to me for calling me a racist on @todayshow--apology accepted!
Don't believe Chrysler (if Obama wins)--see how fast @Jeep production will be moved to China--and I'll be watching!
.@mcuban When Apprentice became the #1 show on tv you tried copying me with The Benefactor- a complete and total ratings disaster for @ABC.
Only 1 mill. dollars @mcuban? Offer me real money and I’d consider it. Your team and networks lose so much money I doubt you have much left!
Dummy @mcuban is at it again trying to use me to get publicity for himself!
In ’08, America voted for Hope &amp, Change. Instead, we got incompetency. Now it is time to put a real job creator in office. Vote 4 Mitt!
Obama’s policies have led to food stamp rolls growing 75X faster than job production My @foxandfriends interview discussing @newsday’s endorsement of @MittRomney, tomorrow's election and Sandy's victims Nice mention by Brian Kelly "Great aIt’s extremely cold in NY &amp, NJ—not good for flood victims. Where is global warming?
Get out tomorrow and vote so that we can all finally say those magic words--- .@CNN is looking at Jeff Zucker to lead them out of the forest--Jeff would be a great choice.
Remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
.@ralphreed is doing a great job!
This is a time for big ideas. This is a time for real reform for a real recovery." -- @PaulRyanVP
Remember when you vote, Obamacare is a disaster!
Make sure you get out and vote...most impoTrump Hotels are delivering lots of food to storm victims...we love doing it!
Gary Johnson is asking people "to waste" their vote on him. Make it count - vote for @MittRomney.
We don’t want to have a recount in any of the battleground states. Obama will steal it. Make sure all your friends and family vote.
Obama's war on women has lead to the biggest decline in female employment in 40 years. 4 more years??
Undecideds in OH,PA and WI will make the difference. All should ask themselves if they want $6/gallon gas because it will come under Obama.
Pennsylvania is in play @MittRomney. All undecideds in Philly suburbs should ask themselves - who do you trust most on @Israel?
I think @TheRevAl should take this challenge. Axelrod was too scared. In the heaConsidering Obama hasn’t proposed anything concrete, if he wins he won’t have a mandate. Another 4 years of legislative stalemate.
Members from Obama's own job council are endorsing @MittRomney Concerns over the national debt are stopping businesses from hiring and expanding Castro, Chavez and Ahmadinejad are all anxiously awaiting our election results. They are praying Obama wins.
Obama promised 5.2% unemployment by October 2012. His promises are wo"Go as far as you can see, when you get there, you'll be able to see faMake sure to catch @history’s season finale of “The Men Who Built America” on Sun, November 11th. Great show.
Reality TV’s #1 Bad Girl @OMAROSA is back on the upcoming 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. She is great as always.
Could be the hurricane helps @MittRomney--people are rioting in the streets over gasoline
A wonderful place. Global warming is based on faulty science and manipulated data which is proven by the emails that were leaked Obama has destroyed the middle class. In ’09, median household income was $55,198. Now it is $50,678. Four more years?
I have an idea for A-Rod---buy a home at @TrumpGolfLA overlooking the Pacific--will bring you better luck.
A-Rod is now looking for an expensive home in Beverly Hills--why aren't the @Yankees terminating his contract for misrepresentation?
.@eagles should sit Michael Vick. He is a great athlete but less than average quaObama our Welfare &amp, Food Stamp President, is praising himself for expanding welfare "We don't need a Secretary of Business to understand business, we need a president who understands business and I do" -- @MittRomney"
Unemployment is now 7.9%. Four years and $6.5T later, that is really bad!
How about President Obama fixing the gasoline situation instead of taking photo ops in the destruction.
Interestingly, the hurricane may now be a disaster for Obama's reelection because of his grandstanding.
People are struggling to get gasoline for their cars--we are like a third world country.
I'm sending lots of bottled water out to Staten Island &amp, Long Island.
.@TheRevAl came to my Trump Tower office to apologize for calling me a racist--very nice, apology accepted!
.@BarbaraJWalters called my office to ask me to do election night coverage with her--sadly, I won't be able to do it.
.@RalphGilles of Chrysler should focus on design rather than filthy language--not very professional.
We should not allow @Chrysler to move @Jeep jobs to China after they said they wouldn't--stay tuned!
.@Chrysler disputes my statement--but watch Chrysler move @Jeep jobs to China after the election.
With long gas lines &amp, total disarray from storm, the hurricane may yet be a negative for Obama.
It was announced this morning that unemployment rose--this can't be good for Obama.
Next year I will be changing the name of 800 acre Doral to Trump National Doral. It will be the best reso@turrizal. Thanks.
I will staHow could Obama leave those American heroes out to die in Benghazi? And he continues to lie to the public!
What is your thought as to why Obama refused millions for charity and did not show his records and applications?
Nice to see Obama released a situation room photo from Sandy. How about releasing the photo taken during Benghazi?
Everybody knows why Obama would not show his college applications --- they are just not willing to say!
If I would have offered Obama a billion dollars to show his records, he would have refused.
My video response to President Obama's lack of transparency. Press release. Video response to follow. I will soon be releasing my response to the fact that President Obama refused to show his applications and records to the public.
President Obama missed the deadline!
Obama is a terrible negotiator. He bails out Chrysler and now Chrysler wants to send all Jeep manufacturing to China--and will!
Why is Obama’s auto bailout now creating jobs in China? He is ruining American industry.
To all @MittRomney suppo“Romney’s $2 Billion Sacrifice for America” By Chris Ruddy @Newsmax_Media You know the world is crazy when New York gets hit by a hurricane-- and Florida doesn't.
Let's continue to destroy the competitiveness of our factories &amp, manufacturing so we can fight mythical global warming. China is so happy!
Do you believe @algore is blaming global warming for the hurricane?
From 1954 to 1960 there were 10 major hurricanes that hit the East Coast.
It's 10 AM: Two hours to go for Obama to easily pick up millions for charity!
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way." -- Dale Carnegie
Obama is now standing in a puddle acting like a President--give me a break.
A lot of people are concerned about which charity my $5M will be donated to. The onus is on Obama to first release his records.
President Obama, if it is impoPresident Obama, please take the $5M check for charity tomorrow. It is so easy and could do so much good!
Thanks for all the nice words on my keeping the Trump Tower atrium accessible to stranded victims of #Sandy. My honor.
Congratulations to @MittRomney on getting the @DMRegister, @NewYorkPost, @NewYorkObserver &amp, @NashuaTelegraph endorsements!
Spoiler--@dennisrodman has really got his act together so far on the upcoming season of @CelebApprentice...
#TRUMP International Reality will be America’s premiere real estate brokerage house How does a dummy like @billmaher get a television show--&amp, his ratings stink. You'd think @HBO could do a lot better.
A lot of undecided and independent voters have had enough with Obama’s lack of transparency. I don't blame them.
There is nothing I would be happier to do than to donate the $5M to a charity of Obama’s choice, once he releases all of his records.
Looking at the figures and plans behind @Disney's acquisition of Lucas Film makes you realize how stupid @AOL (cont) .@Disney's acquisition of Lucas Film is a smaIn the spirit of transparency, Obama should immediately release the 9.11 tape of Tyrone Woods pleading for military suppoToday Barack Obama is standing in water in NJ. Remember on election day that he has put the US underwater.
How many illegal foreign donations will Obama collect this final week? Another scandal ignored by the liberal media. Congratulations Kevin Gabriel on your amazing aAn amazing aThe water damage to NYC is amazing. The winds were bad but the water was worse.
.@oreillyfactor called me a "master marketeer" last night--I am not. I am a great builder--I build great things &amp, people come.
PaPaKevin Garnett's response to Ray Allen last night was that of a great competitor--nothing wrong--in fact it was terrific. A champion!
I was standing with @SHAQ when a young high school star, Kevin Garnett @Celtics, said to a crowd "Forget Shaq, I want to meet Donald Trump.
Watch the clip from @Late_Show where the crowd cheers after I explain that my offer is about transparency I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity-- or to which charity the money will go.
The President has until tomorrow at 12 noon to pick up $5M for his favorite charity. Looking like he won't be doing it. What is he hiding?
Watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon.Photo: Lloyd Bishop/NBC The polls &amp, momentum are trending towards @MittRomney. Don't let the hurricane change your thinking!
Fans shouldn't worry. We have adjusted the filming schedule of the upcoming 13th season of @CelebApprentice appropriately due to the storm.
China’s stock market rose yesterday after 4 consecutive days of losses Maybe Obama should donate my $5M to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm?
Scary. Obama and the Democrat Senate have accrued over $5T woPeople are happy that I left the Trump Tower atrium open as opposed to taking the easy way out. Why does Obama believe he shouldn't comply with record releases that his predecessors did of their own volition? Hiding something?
Let’s be honest, if Obama thought he could get away with campaigning during the storm, then he would have been in Ohio on Monday.
How did Obama go to a Las Vegas fundraiser on 9.12, the day after he refused to send help to Americans in Benghazi?
Without focus, it's just impossible to be successful at anything." --Midas Touch
I never fall for scams. I am the only person who immediately walked out of my ‘Ali G’ interview
Another great cause Obama could send my $5M donation to is a charity for 9/11 First Responders. They are American heroes.
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing the 57th St. crane, damage from the storm and extending my $5M offer to Obama My @extratv interview before Hurricane Sandy explaining that I would be staying in Trump Tower during the storm These last 4 years have not had a single quaThe election is trending towards @MittRomney. Americans know we can't afford another 4 years of the Obama economic decline.
So many incredible friends said thanks for TT help --- I say thanks to you! The Trump Tower atrium is such a great place &amp, kept thousands of people warm &amp, safe during the storm--thanks, staff!
Remember this: Obama wants to raise taxes, @MittRomney wants to lower taxes--need I say more!
Don't let Obama buy the election by handing out unlimited free money to states.
People having a great time in the Trump Tower atrium --- unlike others, I stayed open. I am the best builder but if that were my building with the crane mishap, I would have been lambasted from coast to coast.
Because of the hurricane, I am extending my 5 million dollar offer for President Obama's favorite charity until 12PM on Thursday.
Not only giving out money, but Obama will be seen today standing in water and rain like he is a real President --- don't fall for it.
Hurricane is good luck for Obama again- he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars.
I saw from my window just before accident that the crane was not properly anchored for the storm.
All weights are on crane's wrong side --- very precarious below, move out!
If authorities need direct view from top of Trump Tower, call office.
Direct view of crane from apaWe are taking care of hundreds of people in the Trump Tower atrium--they are seeking refuge. Free coffee and food.
So far the hurricane is being handled very well in NY, not nearly as bad as stated on news. Let's see what happens later.
Many people walked out on Madonna's conceI always said Obama is lucky for himself but unlucky for the country. The storm could be very good for him as he (cont) Obama lied 100% about Libya and the killings--emails are absolute. He must release his records on Wednesday and stop the lies.
Dave Letterman @Late_Show said during my interview that Obama was "probably" born in the US--the word "probably" is a disaster for Obama.
I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity or to which charity the money will go.
What people don't know about @BillMaher is that he was a terrible student and not considered smaI guess @BillMaher saw my ratings on the @Late_Show the other night where Letterman beat Leno. Bill, you are no Letterman.
While @BetteMidler is an extremely unattractive woman, I refuse to say that because I always insist on being politically correct.
.@BetteMidler talks about my hair but I'm not allowed to talk about her ugly face or body --- so I won't. Is this a double standard?
Many people are saying that my challenge to Obama is having a huge negative effect on his poll numbers --- I agree.
A lot changed when David Letterman said " he was probably born in this country"--- the word probably is a total disaster for Obama.
Ale@DonnyDeutsch tries so hard to be a star. But, he just doesn't have what it takes...and he never will.
I put @DonnyDeutsch on Apprentice at his request, I did his failed cable show as a favor to him then he knocks me for my Obama announcement.
I want to end the day by saying there is no check I would rather write than that to a good charity designated by our President.
The TODAY Show should call me about who to put on the show— I know more about people who get ratings than anyone.
Before Star Jones begged me to put her on The Apprentice she was “professionally dead.” I saved her tiny... I hear they are very unhappy w/ Arianna and @huffingtonpost at @AOL. I’ll bet she won’t be there for long!
"Donald Trump Tells @theblaze About His Obama Announcement: PASSPOWatch Obama's favorability numbers drop even fuIf Obama doesn't accept my offer to be fully transparent, what will he say?
If my offer is refused, every undecided OH voter will be fully aware that Obama denied $5M to charity all because he is hiding something!
Barack Obama has everything to gain. Why would anyone ever deny $5M to charity?
Great! Last night @CelebApprentice winner @johnrich &amp, alumni @RealMeatLoaf packed OH stadium rallying w/ @MittRomney "Donald Trump Defends His "Big" Obama Bombshell: 'It's Not a Publicity Stunt'" Sarah Jessica Parker voted “unsexiest woman alive” – I agree. She said “it’s beneath me to comment on the... Story will be released today at 12 noon EST on Twitter and Facebook.
I have decided to add a caveat to my offer. Obama can't decide to send my $5M to Rev. Wright if he releases his records.
My fellow Tea PaWhere's the transparency? Despite Obama's denial @sfchronicle stands by repoLooking forward to being the special guest at tonight's Dutchess County #GOP dinner--to a SOLD OUT crowd. It will be great fun.
Pretty audacious for Obama to call @MittRomney a BSer when he has lied about so much we don't have room to write.
By the way, where is @Oprah? Good question. 4 years ago she strongly suppo...Colin Powell thought Iraq has weapons of mass destruction.
Obama is about to destroy the mililtary through the sequester. The Middle East is a mess. Yet Colin Powell still endorses him. Wonder why?
Be careful of an Obama "bomb" to win election! Would be a horrible thing to do.
The election is still close but trending toward @MittRomney. He leads all national polls and Obama's likeability is imploding. VOTE!
Wow! Letterman show @Late_Show won the ratings last night big time--and guess who was his guest? DJT
One of my many Twitter followers suggested Obama should take my offer &amp, give $1,250,000 to each family of the four... Watch me explain on the @Late_Show how my charitable offer to Obama changes the election and is about transparency A clip from last night's @Late_Show where I detail my charitable offer to Obama and Dave describes his terrible grades What a dumb mistake AOL made buying the @huffingtonpost. How much longer will Arianna last--I predict not much.
Stupid Arianna @huffingtonpost hired the man who ruined the once-great NYTimes Business Section...
...a real loser named Tim O'Brien--and it's never recovered.
Dopey Arianna @huffingtonpost is really after me--boring story after boring story...but I hear she is in big trouble!
I knew last year that @TIME Magazine lost all credibility when they didn't include me in their Top 100...
... I will soon sta@yewkalaylee Great idea.
The Letterman show really turned things around- people finally understand my $5 million dollar offer to charity.... .@SabrinaSiddiqui Re: Taylor and Conor--great news for Taylor!
Based on the ovation last night from the Letterman @Late_Show audience, I believe it will be hard for Obama to throw $5M down the drain....
....instead of giving to a wonderful charitable cause.
Another great charity that the $5M could go to just a recommendation to the Pres. - the Wounded Warriors represented so well by @TraceAdkins
Lots of response that Obama should give the $5M to the families of our great heroes who were murdered in Benghazi.
Letterman @Late_Show was great last night. I had a lot of fun. You could see his audience really wanted Obama to take the $ for charity.
The dealmaker is cunning, secretive, focused and never settles for less than he wants." --The America We Deserve
It is really a shame that Barack Obama may stop $5M from being generously donated to charity all because he refuses to be transparent.
Doing David Letterman @Late_Show tonight at 11:30. 1st nite of Sweeps.Going into the lion's den but I've been there many times before. Enjoy
Six days and counting until my offer to Barack Obama expires...
For someone who demanded 20 years of Mitt's tax returns, you would think my offer to donate $5M to charity for his records is an easy go.
...Bad decisions can be devastating.
"Yesterday Barack Obama said he wants "wind turbines manufactured here in China" China is primed to continue to rob us and steal our jobs through their expoI hope Derek Jeter’s recovery is going well. He is a very special player and a great guy. New York loves him. @yankees
"Trump Offers To Donate $5 Million To Charity If Obama Releases College Transcripts" I am offering the chance for Barack Obama to redistribute $5M to any charity of his choice. Everyone wins. Take the deal.
“Our side needs Donald Trump.” -- @AnnCoulter on @seanhannity’s show last night. Thanks Ann.
.@BarbaraJWalters @theviewtv--Why did you choose me as one of the 10 Most Fascinating People of the Year last season (and more than once?)
.@BarbaraJWalters @theviewtv will apologize to me just like she did when I was right about @Rosie. Besides, I get great ratings on The View.
.@BarbaraJWalters @theviewtv Barbara, unfoStill waiting for an explanation about why @GiulianaRancic &amp, @BillRancic did not name their son Donald. Unbelievable.
Miss Universe 2012 Pageant will be airing live on @nbc &amp, @Telemundo december 19th. Open invite stands for RobeExcited to announce that @GiulianaRancic &amp, @BravoAndy will be hosting the 2012 Miss Universe Pageant. Great ratings for Miss Universe.
How does @michellemalkin get a conservative platform? She is a dummy--just look at her past.
I am happy to have staMy @gretawire interview discussing my $5M charitable offer to Obama, his lack of transparency &amp, my tremendous suppo"TRUMP’S BIG ANNOUNCEMENT: HE’LL GIVE $5 MILLION TO CHARITY OF OBAMA’S CHOICE IF..." "Donald Trump Announcement: $5 Million for Obama College Records" Glad to hear NoIn light the Benghazi emails released last night, it is apparent that Obama has no problem lying to the American public...
... By releasing his records, he can come clean with the American people and have $5 million go to a charity.
Obama has no problem leaking national security secrets. Why can't he release his records? Especially when $5M is going to charity.
I am happy to donate $5 million to a charity Barack Obama chooses. All I am asking is that he is transparent with the American people
I just learned that @politico has no credibility--total phonies that don't repoGlad to hear @seanhannity suppoThird rate @politico took every negative tweet or response they could find &amp, put it out--when in fact the response is incredibly positive.
My offer to Obama is about transparency. In 2008, American people were sold on hope and change. This our last chance to get the full record.
ViThe response has been fantastic--- actually overwhelming! Thank you!
As stated, here is the press release. You have all been waiting-- the response has been amazing! Watch my announcement now, press release to follow at 12:15. All predictions re: my 12 o'clock release are totally incorrect. Stay tuned!
Invincibility lies in the defence, the possibility of victory in the attack." -- Sun Tzu
This is not a media event or about Donald J. Trump--- this is about the United States of America. I will be... This is not a media event or about Donald J. Trump--- this is about the United States of America. I will be (cont) If you like having the world collapse and being told America is leading from behind--vote Obama.
No wonder @BBC is in such big trouble &amp, boss was just fired--they are lost.
.@BBC should never have played that piece of garbage documentary--&amp, yet the phones are ringing off the hook to play the course.
...that it was hard not to end up rooting for Trump...
Thank you to @DailyTelegraph reviewer @NeilMidgley who stated "'You've Been Trumped' was so biased in favour of the protesters...
.@bobschieffer did an excellent job as debate moderator last night. I only wish Mitt was more aggressive!
Everyone is asking me to speak more on Robe"Last night was the first time Obama said "we" instead of "I" in respect to Bin Laden's killing.
Barack Obama said absolutely not 3 times before he agreed to go after Bin Laden--- now he wants all of the credit!
My announcement is tomorrow!
Tomorrow I will be tweeting on only one subject!
China will never go to war with us because if they won they would only take over propeMitt Romney must sta.@MittRomney should have been more aggressive last night. Yet some polls have him winning the debate.
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing last night’s presidential debate, my stock picks and tomorrow’s big announcement The military and Navy Seals should be given more credit for Bin Laden's death, not Obama, who works hard to take (cont) "When the military informed Obama that they had Bin Laden, is there anyone with a brain that would not have said "Ok, go get him"?"
Doesn't the US have better things to do than to destroy an American hero for the world to see? Now other (cont) Lance Armstrong fought for 7 years &amp, then just ran out of energy. Very sad story--although they caught him red handed.He definitely cheated!
Casting sometimes is fate and destiny more than skill and talent, from a director's point of view." -- Steven Spielberg
No matter what happens in the election, @davidaxelrod deserves a lot of credit. He has kept Obama in it, even with his terrible record.
I always said that @lancearmstrong had to keep fighting the charges. By stopping, he gave his enemies an opening.
70% of the Chinese say they are better off than they were 4 years ago The debate was pretty even but I thought Mitt should have been much more aggressive on Obama's failed foreign policy-- and I mean much more.
Debate was somewhat hard to watch last night. Viewership will be way down.
I will be doing @SquawkCNBC at 7:30.
Stop congratulating Obama for killing Bin Laden. The Navy Seals killed Bin Laden. #debate
.@MittRomney looks much calmer, and Obama should stop nodding his head backwards and forward.
Bob Schieffer will do a great job tonight. Always treated me fairly.
Well this is it, the final debate- let's see how it goes. I'll be tweeting live.
Former Obama White House economic adviser @Austan_Goolsbee gave his old boss a 'C' on the economy Why don't we ask the Navy SEALs who killed Bin Laden? They don't seem to be happy with Obama claiming credit. All he did is say O.K.
I look forward to @MittRomney hitting Obama hard tonight for lying about Benghazi. CIA told Obama it was a terrorist attack after 24 hrs.
Everybody is asking about my announcement this Wednesday concerning Barack Obama---just wait and see!
Everyone knows I am right that RobeObama is an easy target on foreign policy.@MittRomney has many openings to attack, especially when Obama sta"This is my last election. After my election I have more flexibility." Obama to @MedvedevRussiaE discussing our nuclear arsenal."
Obama planted that @nytimes story on Iran so it will be discussed in tonight's debate. He wants Libya and China off the table.
The brass in #TRUMP Tower's atrium is polished twice a month like clockwork. I keep the atrium impeccable. Key to its success!
.@Toure I felt very sorry for you during your meltdown on @PiersMorgan. He drove you insane but, of course, Piers is a lot smaMy son Don and his wife Vanessa just had a beautiful baby boy named Spencer Frederick --very thrilling.
I wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy.
Don't let Obama play the Iran card in order to sta.@Toure, when you are fired from MSNBC for your bad ratings and racist coverage, stop by and say hello.
Autism rates through the roof--why doesn't the Obama administration do something about doctor-inflicted autism. We lose nothing to try.
Lots of autism and vaccine response. Stop these massive doses immediately. Go back to single, spread out shots! What do we have to lose.
"Via @politico: "Donald Trump claims Barack Obama bombshell" Stay tuned for my big Obama announcement--- probably on Wednesday.
People are going crazy with my comments on Diet Coke (soda). Let's face it--this stuff just doesn't work. It makes you hungry.
Obama should stop talking about wind turbines--they are a disaster for a country or community &amp, are very expensive &amp, unreliable.
I will be live tweeting during the debate tonight.
Derek, get well soon, the @Yankees need youl.
Gas prices are at crazy levels--fire Obama!
They succeed, because they think they can." -- Virgil
Don Butler and executives are doing a great job at @Cadillac--- the cars are fantastic.
The biggest problem with A-Rod is he is bad for the chemistry of the Yankees--- he must go.
FoGood luck to Derek on his operation. I know it will be a success--- he is a great champion.
Derek must move back into one of my buildings immediately. It will be lucky for him like in past.
Derek Jeter broke ankle one day after he sold his apa7.8% unemployment number is a complete fraud as evidenced by the jobless claims number released yesterday.Real unemployment is at least 15%
.@MittRomney's @RNC convention came in over $3M under budget. Barack’s @DNC convention is over $10M in debt. What a surprise!
"No surprise, welfare spending is up over 30% under Obama. Can't wait for @VanityFair to fold which, under Graydon Ca.@VanityFair's terrible piece on Mitt's faith is a new low, even for them.
Where were all the @VanityFair exposes on "When Rev. Wright disciples go to Washington?" Sad!
Follow @MELANIATRUMP's jewelry line on @QVC site Rev. @BillyGraham is a great man and so is his son, Franklin Graham.
Rev.@BillyGraham is doing tremendous work this election cycle educating the Christian community on @MittRomney.
Both Barack and @MittRomney were excellent at the Al Smith dinner last night!
A lot of the @Yankees should be ashamed of their play in the post season. They are lucky they don't have to deal with George Steinbrenner.
I hope @boyscouts of America handle their problems a lot better than the board at Penn State did. You can't do any worse!
Newly released NH poll has @MittRomney with a 1 point lead. Mitt will pull away next week.
Obama has called Libya attack "a bump in the road" and "not optimal." Just come clean already--tell Americans the truth!
Maybe Derek Jeter should ask A-Rod about renting his apaYes--I will be live tweeting during the final debate this coming Monday.
"Via @CraveOnline: "Donald Trump is NOT A-Rod fan My interview with @IngrahamAngle discussing the real unemployment number and how the 7.8% number is a fraud .@katyperry is no bargain but I don't like John Mayer--he dates and tells--be careful Katy (just watch!).
Some of you were asking about the All-Star line-up for Celebrity Apprentice So many tweets &amp, stories on Stewa@D_Hastie @lancearmstrong No, I said U.S. destroyed a once American icon
Congratulations to Bernie Marcus &amp, Herman Cain @JobCreatorsUSA on the #TruthTour2012--All employers need to check this out!
For the truth about job creation in America go to .@lancearmstrong really blew it--went down in flames--too bad!
I guess they don’t have freedom of the press in Scotland. We created this ad and the ASA would not allow us to (cont) Why would Ohio listen to Bruce Springsteen reading his lines? Be careful or I will go to Ohio and @MittRomney will win it!
Obama said "not optimal" to Ambassador &amp, embassy killings--bad word usage for a Harvard graduate.
.@MittRomney did a great job last night. Watch the clip! Great decision by Donald Graham @Newsweek to sell. I'll now have to take my newsweek covers off the wall.
With Barry Diller &amp, Tina Brown in charge, did anyone doubt that @Newsweek would be a massive failure?
It is a great honor to have helped the community so much. Something really bad happened to the @Yankees psyche--much like our President!
.@Yankees should get rid of A-Rod ASAP--I can't watch this guy anymore!
.@evaemery Thanks--you sound great!
I'll be making a major announcement on President Obama next week--stay tuned!
Can't believe we are less than three weeks away from the election. Time ce"A penny saved is a penny earned." -- Benjamin Franklin"
The Yankees are absolutely terrible--- what happened to this team?
Hey @Rosie--how is your recovery going? I hope you are doing well so we can sta@waycooljr37 @Nationals Bob Kraft &amp, Coach Bill are far too sma@YouthPastorDarr @seanhannity @megynkelly @JohnCena Good luck!
My Trump Home Mattress Collection by SeThe last time I visited China I couldn't believe all the construction. You can go up with a project in a week--no red tape.
It's Thursday. How much money did Barack Obama waste today on crony green energy projects?
Clinton commented in Ohio today that @MittRomney is right, the economy has not been fixed under Obama.I always said Bill was an honest man.
When Strasburg leaves @Nationals for another team for more money, will Washington still like the decision to shut him down for his good?
Why has Obama let China and others take our jobs?
Bad sign for Obama's campaign now publicly admitting they are focused on 4 states. Their internals must be horrendous.
While the next season of @CelebApprentice is packed w/ All Stars, ours fans will be happy to see @Joan_Rivers in the board room.She is back!
Derek Jeter @yankees wants to rent an apa@TorresTerrell @BarackObama Thanks!
Now there is talk of A-Rod being shipped to @Marlins. If A-Rod is not a @yankee next year, the fans will be happy.
I think the @yankees will win today. Unlike A-Rod, CC is good under pressure. I hope A-Rod plays, however.
Robe@darbizman Thanks!
"A reader just sent me the following: "I wanted to share with you something rather staNewsweek ending print edition--sad. Now my Newsweek covers mean nothing--they lost all credibility. TIME to follow?
"The biggest thrill in the world is ente@womenzbinder Check the records, dummy--I was never a Bush II fan--he is why we have Obama!
Lots of response to my Pattinson/Kristen StewaLooking forward to honoring the great Dogan family &amp, the success of the Trump Towers project in Istanbul @FollowTurkey Annual Gala Dinner
AleAmazing--my tweets are covered across every spectrum from @espn to @politico to @WSJ.
When we're talking about math that doesn't add up, how about $5 trillion of deficits over the last four years." --@MittRomney
Obama's spending and borrowing is burying America and destroying our children's future. Does he even care?
#SuccessByTrump, exclusively available @Macy's, has set sale records for fastest selling cologne. Makes a great gift Great--now Supreme Cou.@ashleycam2883 Re: Libya--Hillary took the blame for Obama.
Mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth.
Major grudge match this weekend between @nyjets &amp, @Patriots. I have a dilemma, I am good friends w/ both Woody (cont) Under his administration, oil and gas production on public land is down over 10% If Obama goes after Mitt's private sector experience in the next debate then Mitt should ask for Obama's college records--all of them.
.@mystikangel Bring @johnrich back? He is back!
.@antbaxter should really be ashamed about his massive box office disaster. Take a hint and get out of the film (cont) .@dubephnx If we didn't remove incredibly powerful fire retardant asbestos &amp, replace it with junk that doesn't (cont) What is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all. We should be given credit for taking this risk.
Can you imagine how embarrassing it would have been for the country if the candidates actually did get into a fist fight?
RobeMichael Vick of the Philadelphia @eagles is a great athlete but not a great quaInitial repoJust read about my friend @HulkHogan--he was set up--too bad he has to use the cou@BillRancic Bill- You should have named your beautiful son Donald.
Joe Girardi @Yankees must play his staWhile the @Yankees look like they quit and are finished, they won't quit for CC
Last Saturday A-Rod was 0-3 and left 6 stranded. But he was still hitting on girls from the dugout Obama talks about what he is going to do--why the hell didn't he just do it, especially in the first 2 years when he had all votes necessary
.@MittRomney scored last night on both substance and style.
"Trump Was Right: 'Obama's America' Tops 2012 Documentaries" Obama was beaten but not knocked out. He lives to fight another day. But in the real world presidents are not given a second chance...
All the guys that said @MittRomney would lose are rapidly coming on board. Mitt will remember the early helpers.
If Obama keeps pushing wind turbines our country will go down the tubes economically, environmentally &amp, aesthetically.
Robe"Remember, new "environment friendly" lightbulbs can cause cancer. Be careful-- the idiots who came up with this stuff don't care."
Wind turbines are not only killing millions of birds, they are killing the finances &amp, environment of many countries &amp, communities.
Great aReally enjoyed discussing @yankees yesterday with @RealMicihaelKay. I am a long time Yankee fan.
Via @espn: "Donald Trump would fire A-Rod" My interview with @RealMichaelKay discussing why A-Rod should be fired from @yankees &amp, how to terminate his contract "My twitter followers will soon be over 2 million--&amp, all the "biggies." It's like having your own newspaper.
My twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.
Polls are staObama did much better than he did last time--but still lost decisively.
Do you believe Barack Hussein Obama (aka Barry Soetoro) looked like a president last night? I don't!
Obama has zero credibility on oil and coal. If we do not win energy as a country, we just do not win, period!
I still love Derek, he is a winner!
Remember, I said Derek don't sell your Trump World Tower apaAt the debate, the President kept talking of what he is going to do. I kept saying, why didn't he do it? He lost me a long time ago.
Verlander pitched great, but @Yankees look truly defeated.
Stupid George Will gave @MittRomney no chance 3 months ago. Take off his little spectacles and he's just another dummy.
George Will said "best debate he ever saw". If you ever heard George Will speak(boring) anything is exciting.
Debate showed--- these guys really hate each other. At one point it looked like they would come to blows.
Obama better than last time, but again, @MittRomney wins. Good night. #debate
You talk tough, Mr. President, but have done nothing about China killing our jobs and economy.
Such long rhetorical and boring answers from Obama. No wonder nothing gets done.
.@MittRomney much better on Libya and Middle East problems. Obama has no answer.
Obama keeps namedropping Bill Clinton-- he is no Bill Clinton.
Obama weak on immigration. All words, no action. He's been Prez 4 years.
Obama is looking rhetorical and weak. @MittRomney is looking strong and sharp.
Obama just said @MittRomney was "a very successful investor"--- big mistake for Obama to admit- he has less and less credibility.
Obama keeps saying that he will do something--- but why hasn't he done it? It's all talk.
.@MittRomney looks much stronger and much more Presidential!
Then how come gasoline is hitting record high prices?
Good response on jobs by @MittRomney.
Getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
I was just told by one of the top @PGATOUR players that my golf courses are the most elite in the country. Very nice compliment--I agree.
We should be able to negotiate a deal with Iran because they know we could blow them away to the Stone Age.They just don't believe we would.
For political purposes only, Obama is planning to hit Libya for the Benghazi embassy attack right before the election?
Great win last night by Peyton Manning &amp, @Denver_Broncos in San Diego coming from 24 points behind on the road. Very impressive.
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves." -- Thomas Edison
If the @yankees can somehow beat Verlander tonight then they can still salvage the series. And I will go to games 6&amp, 7 so they will win!
Get ready for tonight!
.@MittRomney--if Obama gets wise tonight just ask for his college records &amp, transcripts--he will quiet down quickly.
Good luck @MittRomney tonight--have no doubt you will be great.
Congratulations to @JamesOKeefeIII on exposing more Democrat voter fraud. @DNC was caught red handed telling people to vote twice.
I bet the terrorists in Libya used weapons we supplied them during their so called 'revolution' to attack our embassy in Benghazi.
".@washtimes "@BrettMDecker: Five Questions w/ @realDonaldTrump--'Lack of Leadership is the biggest threat to America'" Between Libya, the national security leaks and Fast &amp, Furious, Obama has had more national security scandals than any other President.
.@reince is doing a fantastic job for the Republican Pa.@antbaxter I tried watching but fell asleep.
.@History's wonderful "The Men Who Built America" with me on tonight at 9 -- bad timing, I'll be live tweeting the debate
Because Obama was so pathetic in the first debate, tonight's audience will be humongous--people want to see if he is for real.
The Coca Cola company is not happy with me--that's okay, I'll still keep drinking that garbage.
It's amazing--my weekly scheduled interviews on @foxnews and @CNBC draw the highest ratings. And they get bigger week by week--thanks folks!
Obama just had another trillion dollar budget deficit for the fouDiet Coke tweet had a monster response--dammit, I wish the stuff worked.
.@antbaxter Thanks for helping promote &amp, make Trump International Golf Links Scotland so successful--you stupid fool!
.@antbaxter Your documentary died many deaths. You have, in my opinion, zero talent.
I can confirm the repo.@rupeVerlander is great but very beatable. Does not have a good ERA in playoff games
I turned down going to the debate tonight so that I could do live tweets to my many followers.
I have no doubt that Mitt will do really well tonight. We'll all be watching @MittRomney.
Lots of pressure on Obama tonight--even more than A-Rod. If he doesn't perform well it could be over.
I hope A-Rod has a great night for the Yankees--he owes it to them--especially with Derek hu@jbluvx2 Happy BiGov. Gary Johnson pulling votes from @MittRomney--Don't waste your vote. Obama must go!
"Donald Trump's back with 14 'Apprentice' All-Stars" Based on very popular demand, I will be live tweeting tomorrow night during the Presidential debate.
The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government." -- @MittRomney
Sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by."Donald J. Trump
If @MittRomney has a good debate tomorrow night, Obama is finished!
Obama is planning on attacking Romney on Bain in tomorrow's debate "Romney, Ryan Slam Obama Administration on China Currency Manipulation" Once again Obama fails to classify China as a currency manipulator. He just helped China steal even more jobs and money from us.
A-Rod should donate his contract to charity. He doesn't make the @yankees any money and he doesn't perform. He is a $30M/yr rip off.
Looking forward to speaking at tonight's gala for @MittRomney suppoBarack Obama is not who you think he is. Most overrated politician in US history.
Isn't it time that Obama release his college records and applications? Boy would that create a mess! He is not who you think.
Lots of response to my comment on Diet Coke- let's face it, it doesn't work- just makes you hungry.
A-Rod was a great player when he lived at Trump Park Avenue--- even though he was on the juice!
Derek Jeter had a great career until 3 days ago when he sold his apaI love @LibeA-Rod is just not making it. We want to give him a chance but it was only drugs that made him great.
Obama will be trying very hard at next debate- he doesn't want to lose the Boeing.
Who says Obama will do better in the next debate- has he gotten sma.@MittRomney's poll numbers are looking really good. One more great debate performance and it will be a total knockout.
I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke.
No, I wasn't at the @Yankees game yesterday- can't go today either. When I go, they win.
"Brooklyn Nets have the worst uniform ever- Boring- won't matter if they win("Winning solves all problems"- (cont) Yankees can win today. Kuroda is a highly underrated pitcher.
A-Rod hit ball hard first at bat. Time for him to step up and leave.
Swisher should have caught ball in right field last night.
.@Yankees are in trouble without Derek. Try A-Rod at shoA bad thing finally happened to Derek Jeter--- he is a great champion.
So much for Washington shutting down Strasburg- they deserved to lose.
Roadway steel on beautiful Verrazano-Narrows Bridge is rusting and rotting away. Scrape and paint before too late.
Tonight, despite everything, put A-Rod in the lineup.
Everyone's wondering what's wrong with A-Rod. Not one spoThey found Jessica in Colorado--- body was mutilated--- death to the perveJoe Girardi did a great job of managing the Yankees this series.
I'll bet Obama goes down just like Washington because he doesn't use our(this country's) best people to win.
Washington should have brought in Strasburg to relieve-- they would have won.
When Strasburg leaves in a couple of years under free agency Washington will say " what were we doing".
I told you, whenever I go to a @Yankees game the @Yankees win.
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality." -- Warren G. Bennis
When an employee leaves me and begs to come back--I never let them. Loyalty is very impoI look forward to Tuesday night's presidential debate--I wonder if Obama will use my name again.
Very different styles but each totally effective in his own way at the debate.
What we are watching on our TV screens is the unraveling of the Obama foreign policy." --@PaulRyanVP
Obama's economic policies are causing inflation on hard working families. The price of corn alone has risen over 200% since he was elected.
With our amazing All Star cast, @Joan_Rivers, @johnrich, @ArsenioOFFICIAL &amp, @piersmorgan are also returning as boardroom advisors.
Great to hear that our loyal @CelebApprentice fans are happy with today's announcement of the new cast. This will be something special!
.@dennisrodman looks like he really cleaned up his act.
I'm going to the @Yankees game tonight to root them on--they always win when I am there.
My Scotland course is receiving accolades from all over the world--a great honor for me.
Credibility is impoDoing the @todayshow with @MLauer was great- I really like Matt.
First Minister of Scotland released bomber of Pan Am flight #103 on "compassionate grounds." Do you believe?
There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still." -- Pres. Franklin D. Roosevelt
ObamaCare is a complete disaster. Many of my friends have to scale down their businesses because they can't afford it. Terrible.
Wing bangers"-- the name given to wind turbines by bird lovers for the thousands of birds they kill in the U.S.
British PM Cameron is making a fool of himself by wasting billions of pounds on unwanted &amp, environment destroying Scottish windmills.
Going over to @TodayShow now to introduce @ApprenticeNBC cast etc.-- watch.
Pretty even debate- no knockouts. However Ryan's closing statement somewhat stronger. What do you think? #VPDebate
Biden's statements on Medicare are very effective. Ryan must now come back and combat. #VPDebate
Excellent story on @MittRomney- very good moment for Ryan. #VPDebate
Biden's sarcastic smiling may or may not be effective depending on who is watching. #VPDebate
Hard for Biden to justify Libya mess but doing best he can. #VPDebate
Both candidates are looking sharp- now it's up to the mouth and the mind. #VPDebate
Get ready- this should be informative and fun! #VPDebate
Looking forward to the debate tonight and will be tweeting live with very honest assessment.
.@Linda_McMahon is an elite businesswoman who will bring a great outlook to DC. SuppoAnother sign that @jack_welch is right. New government labor repoWhy does Barack Obama's ring have an arabic inscription? It's Thursday and only 26 days until the election. How many illegal donations from China and Saudi Arabia did Obama collect today?
So Obama used to tell classmates that he was Kenyan royalty and an Indonesian prince Our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in U.S. history
Live tweeting during tonight's VP debate...should be a great time
How the hell does the Libyan government get off telling our embassy security they can't have loaded guns for protection?!
Why the hell did we help the Libyan "rebels" in the first place. That is the real scandal.
Outright disgusting--the Obama administration has continually stonewalled and lied to US Amb. Sean Smith's mother I suspect @JoeBiden could do well tonight. Don't be fooled by his gaffes. He is a seasoned and feisty debater.
If @rihanna is dating @chrisbrown again then she has a death wish. A beater is always a beater--just watch!
Amazing that Derek Jeter played with an injury throughout most of last night's @yankees game and did so well.
$30M a year and A-Rod is now relegated to the bench. @yankees would have lost if Girardi hadn't benched him in the 9th (see my prediction)
I guess they have Lance Armstrong cold. Brutal repo.@Apprenticenbc cast will be announced tomorrow at 7:30am ET on the @todayshow with @MLauer
Staff at Trump Park Avenue disliked A-Rod--to put it "mildly" -- The staff at Trump World Tower loves Derek Jeter.
Asking why my dislike of A-Rod--dishonorable dealings with me on an apaGreat move to take A-Rod out of game. Now terminate his contract based on misrepresentation (drugs).
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it." -- Henry Ford
Must read aI enjoy meeting tourists in #TrumpTower. People travel from across the world to see the five-level Atrium &amp, waterfall.
Sleepy eyes @chucktodd -- whenever you mention me unfairly I will likewise mention you.
Congratulations to @FLGovScott on getting an "A" grade from @CatoInstitute on his fiscal policy. Rick is a fantastic governor.
Even with lower profit projections, American firms are still throwing money into China I am more concerned about Biden in the debate than I am about Obama. Be careful on Thursday night!
You have to scratch your head when the president spends the last week talking about saving Big Bird." -- @MittRomney
Consumer spending fell in September A-Rod must be dropped in the Yankees line-up tonight if they want to win. He simply can't perform without drugs.
Obama was guest at VP debate moderator MaReceiving thousands of thank you letters from @LibeDELUSIONAL--Obama actually thought that he won the debate Has Barack Obama been caught red handed laundering money into his campaign from illegal online foreign donations? Media?
I just had to fire someone, he didn't have a clue--he reminded me of Obama on Wednesday night.
27 days until America's greatest test since our founding. In this election, we decide whether we become great again.
It doesn't matter who you vote for--it matters who is counting the votes." Be careful of voter fraud!
Obama is under a great of pressure to perform well in the next debate. Let's see how he reacts under pressure.
Remember, Obama limped across the finish line--he should have lost to Hillary. Be careful!
I don't think Obama will do well in the second debate--he is psyched out just like A-Rod.
I will implement effective missile defenses to protect against threats. On this, there will be no flexibility with Vladimir Putin." -- Mitt
By popular request I will also be tweeting live during the Vice Presidential debate Thursday night. It will be very interesting, I promise.
.@DavidLetterman @Late_Show fully apologized last night for calling me a racist. Thank you David--we are again friends.
The public is about to learn a lot more information on Barack Obama and his true background in the coming weeks...
Now that Obama’s poll numbers are in tailspin – watch for him to launch a strike in Libya or Iran. He is desperate.
Mitt’s subsequent rise in the polls post-debate shows that the American public can still spot a real winner.
“In order to build your wealth and improve your business smaWith these record high gas prices, what does it say about Obama that he was trying to brag about his energy policy in the debate?
Looking forward to live tweeting during the rest of the debates. Will be a lot of fun.
When will the unemployment numbers be corrected? Sadly, after the election!
"Donald Trump: ‘Monkey business’ on jobs" George Will is a political moron. Last month he said Romney couldn't win.
In the end, Andy Pettitte did not rat out his friend Roger Clemens. I like him again, a lot.
Drop A-Rod in the order and cut his salary based on unrepoMy @SquawkCNBC #TRUMPTUESDAY interview discussing the upcoming debates, the real state of unemployment &amp, bias media Why isn't Obama protecting us from ridiculous gas prices?
California gas prices going thru the roof, others to follow. An election-losing event for Obama.
Greece should get out of the euro &amp, go back to their own currency--they are just wasting time.
.@ErraticSLK Shout out = work hard!
.@carlosbeltran15 is playing great for St. Louis Cardinals. They made a wise decision.
.@jack_welch is correct--these repoOur many loyal viewers should expect a major announcement very soon on next season's @CelebApprentice. Our fans will be pleased.
The stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
Obama projected a 2012 budget deficit of $557B. It is actually double that at $1.1T Obama's planned tax hike will hit over 1 million small businesses How long did it take for Obama to call Hugo Chavez and congratulate him on his 'reelection?' Who do you think Chavez suppoCongratulations to @drewbrees on setting the @NFL record with 48 consecutive games with a TD pass. He is a great guy and player.
At the request of many- I will be doing live tweets during the next presidential debate.
Sleepy eyes @chucktodd is an absolute joke of a repoWho is more believable on the state of employment--the great @jack_welch or some government bureaucrat who is voting for Obama?
A record 46.68M Americans are now on food stamps I would do same thing if I were China. They want Obama. My @foxandfriends interview discussing Obama's failed and dangerous foreign policy and the real unemployment numbers Got to do something about these missing chidlren grabbed by the perveMore than 70M people watched the Presidential Debate. A new record. See what happens when I am so prominently mentioned (just kidding)!
Looking forward to Sunday’s speech in the ExCel Centre. “The team with the best players wins.” -- @jack_welch
.@acuconservative's #CPACCO kept up the momentum from the debate. @MittRomney even made a surprise appearance. Now go win CO!
Now America knows--the Emperor has no clothes. Why would Obama do better in a 2nd debate? #Debate #Obama
My friend @GovChristie called it--@MittRomney recast the race.
Glad to hear that @RobinRobeI promise to do a new #trumpvlog when I get back next week---- lots of requests. Thanks!
To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction." --Isaac Newton
Scary &amp, Unsustainable: On Monday the US added more debt than from 1776 through Pearl Harbor "Mr. President, you're entitled as the president to your own airplane and to your own house, but not to your own facts." --@MittRomney"
Bill Clinton has been Obama's most effective surrogate out on the trail.
Congrats to @Yankees on finishing 1st in the AL East. Derek Jeter is great--good luck in the playoffs!
I'll be in London on Sunday at the ExCel Centre to talk about success. It will be a great time for everyone! The upcoming season of @CelebApprentice will be terrific--a great cast.
Now another Obama speech from 2002 with him talking about taking the rich's 'stuff' Congratulations to Michelle and Barack Obama on their 20th anniversary.
Happy to have just passed 1.5M followers on twitter. We picked up over 14,000 yesterday alone. It's great to speak to everyone daily.
I'm eagerly awaiting the next polls. The debate performance could be devastating to the Obama team. Let's see what happens.
Both being optimistic and remembering the big picture have served me well throughout my life. You need to stay positive.
.@SethMacFarlane will be a great Oscar host. He did an amazing job at my @ComedyCentral roast.
Wind farms are ugly, not cost effective and don't produce woAs a big job creator, I was greatly honored to have been mentioned twice tonight during the debate.
Congratulations to Mitt Romney. He was not only good, he was absolutely fantastic tonight!
Invincibility lies in the defence, the possibility of victory in the attack." --Sun Tzu
There's only one candidate who cut medicare and that's Barack Obama. Cut over $700M to move into ObamaCare.
In August, 2012, Obama said the so called Arab Spring sprung from 'joyful longing for human freedom' Have you heard? China just told Obama to jump. Obama asked how high.
Obama's '07 speech which @DailyCaller just released not only shows that Obama is a racist but also how the press always covers for him.
I'm always amazed when I travel to my foreign prope@SiphoSimelane Thank you.
I will be visiting Trump Int'l Golf Links in Scotland tomorrow. Always great to see the Great Dunes of Scotland. Who is rooting for Obama more tonight--his campaign advisors or the press?
Can't wait for tonight's debate--actually delayed my trip to Europe so I can watch. This is going to be a great night.
My @gretawire interview discussing @MittRomney debate responses, Obama's hidden records, my tweets and unemployment I am very proud of Ivanka!
My daughter Ivanka is being honored by the Wha@DavidRoyEarle See you in London--big crowd!
Reverend Wright must have great hatred for Obama and the manner in which he was shunted aside.
Obama called Reverend Wright his friend, counselor &amp, great leader--then dumped him like a dog!
See June 2007 speech--is Obama a total racist?
Congratulations to Barack Obama for having 2012's debt already surpass 2011 The cheap 12 inch sq. marble tiles behind speaker at UN always bothered me. I will replace with beautiful large marble slabs if they ask me.
Where is the main stream media repoMajor Mexican caA great a.@ritter1025 Wishing your wife a Happy BiIt's Tuesday, how much will the media continue to cover up the embassy attacks for Obama?
I'll be on @gretawire tonight on @foxnews at 10 pm.
Great to hear that @nfl legend and hall of famer John Elway has endorsed @MittRomney in Colorado. CO is a must win state for Mitt.
Under Obama, Iran has taken over Iraq, Al Qaeda has taken over Libya, the Muslim Brotherhood now controls Egypt. Worst foreign policy ever.
Woody Johnson's comments that he would rather have @MittRomney win the election than his @nyjets win games shows real patriotism.
The Chinese are now hacking White House computers. Why not? They already own the place.
Big win by @Yankees last night to take control of AL East. Jeter &amp, company now control their destiny.
Wednesday's debate is day one of the election. Over 70 million voters will be watching.
In Nov. '11, Al Qaeda's flag flew over the 'biGlad to hear @SethMacFarlane will be hosting this year's Oscars. Something new that should be fun.
A clip from @KatieShow where I take @katiecouric's audience on the Katie Coach My @SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview discussing how @MittRomney can win the first debate &amp, the last 35 days If Obama mentions Mitt's tax returns in tomorrow's debate then Mitt should immediately ask for Obama's college records &amp, applications
Obama is trying to block sequester layoff notices in Virginia Threatening phone calls from Obama suppoObama loves wasting our money. He just made another guarantee of $197M to a solar company Al Qaeda taking over Libya after we made it possible--really amazing.
Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez said in a television interview that aired on Sunday "If I were American, I'd vote for Obama.
Big cancer risk from new "environmental" light bulbs"--a big price to pay!
Obama now wants to give another $450M to the Muslim Brotherhood. Money we don't have going to people that hate us. Moronic.
How many more of our soldiers have to be shot by the Afghanis they are training? Let's get the hell out of there and focus on U.S.
I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success." --Jack Welch
"Life is very fragile, and success doesn't change that. If anything, success makes it more fragile." --The A#TrumpTower is one of the country's top tourist destinations.
Obama deserves much less credit for the killing of Bin Laden. The praise goes to our brave military and intelligence officers.
Republicans and @MittRomney must get tough very soon.
Only 36 days until the election. @MittRomney needs to stay on offense. Make Obama's terrible record the issue. #TimeToGetTough
In debate, @MittRomney should ask Obama why autobiography states "born in Kenya, raised in Indonesia.
Cyberattack on White House--- what's next? Obama lied to the public about the Al Qaeda attack on our consulate in Libya. He should be held accountable.
American incomes have fallen $3,040 per household in the last 38 months If you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. Bring your friends and family with you.
Sean's interview with Bob Woodward on @hannityshow was very interesting--Woodward was great. .@IsraeliPM @netanyahu delivered an excellent speech yesterday at the UN. Too bad @AmbassadorRice wasn't there.
Brits spent $57.8M on the royal family. Obamas cost us $1.4B in expenses--including enteIt's amazing how different all of the polling results are--not an exact science.
To be successful your focus has to be broad enough to think big at the same time." --'Midas Touch' with @theRealKiyosaki
My successful acquisition of the Kluge estate was a fantastic deal which is already being studied in business schools.
"Trump buys mansion adjacent to family winery" Watch this video for a look at our great course in Los Angeles--- Rancho Palos Verdes--.@LisaLampanelli You are terrific (always). Great job on the Apprentice.
Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once, so it's a formidable combination.
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always oppoIraq was one of our biggest mistakes. We got absolutely nothing for our sacrifices.The country will collapse (cont) "Having a vision for something can be a very powerful force for accomplishment."--Midas Touch"
Are you a young professional getting ready for a big meeting? Pick up a #Trump suit @Macys "If you're going through hell, keep going." --Winston Churchill"
Someone must be fired at @AOL for that stupid deal they made buying Huffington Post.
.@MittRomney must ask for Obama's college records &amp, applications--why is he not doing this?
China's Financial Institutions are expanding overseas.ObamaCare is a failure. Costs are rising much faster under Obama than other Presidents.
Now Obama's campaign is guaranteeing 12 million new jobs during a 2nd term A resoI have fun, I love what I do. You should too. Find out how at the National Achievers Conference this October in London I hope the @RNC is ready for a Third Pa"Does Madonna know something we all don't about Barack? At a conceIf only the morons @AP were as concerned with Obama's inconsistent statements on the Embassy attacks as they are (cont) The full video of my @Libe"Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game." -- The A"How long will it take for chants-- "bring back the replacement refs" -- when a bad call is made?"
Congratulations to my friend David Wright of the @mets who is now their all-time hitting leader.
40 days until the election. Crunch time. @MittRomney must stay on offense and take the fight to Obama.
Just bought the Kluge Estate in Charlottesville, Virginia (don't worry, only business). See Washington Post aJerry Falwell, Jr. stated speech was best in University's history...my great honor.
LibeAssociated Press knowingly and inaccurately wrote about LibeHuff post gets it wrong re: Ferry Point...the only leakage of gas is from Arianna Huffington.
No matter how good the replacement refs do, they will be soundly criticized--they can't win!
China has done very well under Obama. Now they just released their first aircraft carrier.
China is filling the vacuum left by Obama at the UN on the world stage.
Must read column for all young people: "Obama's war on young voters who elected him" A clip of my @Libe"For what is the best choice, for each individual, is the highest it is possible for him to achieve." -- Aristotle
Housing prices will be going up big league--a great time to buy--good luck!
Pres. O -- a "bump in the road" in reference to our Ambassador's (and others) killing in Libya
Hope &amp, Change--the number of 26 year olds living with parents has jumped 46% under Obama .@Matt_Berry87 Piers did a great job--the interview was very impoAspirin gets the best press of almost anything I can think of---fact or great PR?
Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility.
"Obama's new excuse for his failures is that you "can't change Washington from the inside." Not what he said in '09. .@brandonhardest Love what you do and work hard.
Andy Williams has died. He was a friend of mine and a great guy.
English taxpayers should stop subsidizing the destruction of Scotland by paying massive subsidies for ugly wind turbines.
The number of unemployed Americans has increased over 60% during Obama's term. The economy can't survive another 4 years.
Selfishness ultimately begets only unhappiness. Unselfishness begets happiness." -- B.C. Forbes
...One point I made sure to stress at @Libe...Never let yourself be pushed around--but treat the good folks great.
Read about my @LibeThe 18th hole at the Blue Monster @Doral in Miami is considered the toughest finishing hole in golf...Obama will be going on @theviewtv &amp, fundraising while in NYC for the UN Assembly...
...yet not one meeting with an ally (or an enemy!) Where's the media?
...well into our 4th week of shooting the record 13th season of @CelebApprentice. The 'All Stars' are hard at work...
Did a shoot in front of the Metropolitian Museum on 5th Ave for the 13th season of the Apprentice...
The replacement refs are getting blamed for everything. I've seen many bad spo"One 57 is one of the worst looking buildings I've seen in a long time, in pa"Trump to LibeThousands of great people showed up from LibeMy @SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview discussing how @MittRomney has to get tough, real unemployment &amp, bias press Emmys telecast is way down &amp, lowest telecast on record among young adults. Emmys have no credibility-Should have nominated Apprentice again!
Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail." -- Charles F. Kettering
The Obama Economy--workers added to disability and individuals added to food stamps more than doubles net jobs created "Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there." --Will Rogers"
Muslim Brotherhood head of Egypt Morsi is already making demands on Obama before the WH visit. Obama's foreign policy is a complete failure.
Coincidence? Obama and Ahmadinejad each describe @Israel's warning over the Iranian nuclear program as just 'noise' Home values have sunk a record 15% under Obama.
The debates are going to have a big impact on the election. @MittRomney has proved--in Florida--he delivers under pressure.
Secure your place at the National Achievers Congress in London. It will be an amazing event with a great surprise. Living in denial--only 15% of Democrats think that recent economic news is poor Scary--Obama's budget deficits are so out of control that he has to borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends.
Today I spoke @LibeWith Obama and Bernanke destroying the value of the dollar, gold and real estate should continue to rise in value.
The attack on our Libyan consulate was the worst attack on the US since 9/11. Time for Obama to come clean.
Despite all of China's cheating, they are not doing that well--we can beat them--our country has great potential!
All these polls released by news outlets are oversampling Democrats. They want to influence public perception of the race.
The Emmys are all politics, that's why, despite nominations, The Apprentice never won--even though it should have many times over.
Amazing Race" winning an Emmy again is a total joke. The Emmys have no credibility--no wonder the ratings are at record lows.
The Emmys were horrendous...the absolute worst show!
With all of the bad economic numbers and horrendous foreign policy, Obama should be down by 12 points--and he's not.
The Republican PaWeekly jobless claims are up once again. The economy cannot recover with Obama in office.
Why did @MittRomney give his tax returns without demanding that Obama release his college records &amp, applications in return?
Just left LibeThe Ryder Cup will be amazing this week.
A letter written to one of my many critics! A letter from an amazing woman I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
No matter how diligent you are in evaluating a business deal there is invariably one factor you have no control over--luck...
...but interestingly, the same people seem to be lucky.
Rising premium costs from Obamacare will cost businesses billions I have fun, I love what I do. You should too. Find out how at the National Achievers Conference this October. At the Univision forum Obama continued to make excuses for Fast and Furious Watch--yesterday Obama continued to evade questions on his security failures in the Benghazi consulate attack. I really like Chelsea Clinton--an amazing young woman. She got the best of both parents. (@IvankaTrump agrees)
"The impo.@janinegibson Obama's Def. Sec. just said US Asia focus 'not aimed to contain China' It is now clear that the Embassy attack in Libya was a coordinated Al Qaeda operation and not based on some video.
Now every time Islamic militants attack they will use that movie as an excuse Yesterday I was in Washington, D.C. visiting the #TRUMP Old Post Office renovation. It will be magnificent.
Interesting aMy @CNN interview with @piersmorgan explaining why Mitt should not apologize "Great aTo be successful, never give up. My secrets to success will be shared at the National Achievers Congress in London. Isn’t it great that Obama had time yesterday to fundraise with Jay Z and do @Late_Show while there is a record 21% real unemployment!
QE3, a political favor for Obama, will cause record inflation on food and fuel. This hits low income families the hardest. Big mistake.
Have you seen the new #Trump fall collection exclusively available @Macys? Top selling brand nationwide.Ties, shi"Trump: Obama is 'Unlucky President'" "Via @Newsmax_Media: "Romney Said Nothing Wrong" ...come down hard--tax the hell out of their impoChina has been unfairly subsidizing the expoDon't let them build a wind turbine in your backyard (or near your house). It will destroy your prope"Via @washingtonpost: "The Donald's video should have trumped Eastwood" by @CapehaMy @gretawire interview Oil would be $25 a barrel if our government would let us drill. Our country would be rich again--who needs OPEC.
Technology has shown we have tremendous energy resources right under our feet that we didn't know about 5 years ago.
Obama should play golf with Republicans &amp, opponents rather than his small group of friends. That way maybe the terrible gridlock would end.
Filming for @CelebApprentice Season 13 is now into the 2nd week. The 'All-Star' cast is already hard at work.
Obama killed over 100k jobs by not approving Keystone XL pipeline and Canada is now selling the oil to China--very dumb!
I'll be on @gretawire tonight at 10 PM Fox News
Our soldiers can't even have any more joint exercises with Afghan soldiers because they are getting shot in the (cont) Can you believe--they are blaming @MittRomney for Egypt.
.@RICKYMONEY I don't know a lot about failures. And as you know, I never went bankrupt.
.@lightjzup Industrial turbines are destroying our land.
Liberal press won't look into why Obama ignored security warnings for embassies but is obsessed with Romney's private comments.
None of Romney's leaked comments change the fact that Obama is a complete disaster. 20% real unemployment and $6T in deficit spending.
It's Tuesday. How many more non-stories will the liberal media try to manufacture so everyone ignores Obama's record?
The majority of Americans agree with @MittRomney's comments on @Israel and Iran.
With 49 days until the election, @MittRomney needs to stay on offense. He should not be apologizing. Deflect onto Obama's record.
This morning @nbc @todayshow played some of the @RNC video I filmed for the Tampa Convention My @nbc @todayshow interview discussing my @RNC video &amp, why @MittRomney should not apologize My @SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview discussing QE3, @MittRomney's leaked comments, Middle East &amp, US oil capability It's Thursday and again I ask--how much money is China stealing from us?
Now a small country like Sudan tells Obama he can't send any more Marines At the National Achievers Congress in London this October, I'm going to talk about success and how to avoid failure I'll be at Libe"A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have." -- Pres. Abraham Lincoln"
China is now attacking Japan's economy for leverage It's Monday, how many more excuses will Obama make today about the economy?
While Obama is denying it, he did receive intelligence about the attacks 3 days before Still a buyer's market. Buy directly from a bank. They want to offload propeEli Manning staged a great comeback in 4th quaWith 50 days until the election, it is #TimeToGetTough for @MittRomney &amp, @GOP
Teachers in Chicago should go back to work immediately.Rahm Emanuel has offered them a fair deal. Now they're just acting for the cameras.
Gas prices have doubled under Obama. Over $5/gallon now in California. We must staObama is our unlucky President. Everything he touches turns into a mess. Some people just don't have it!
"Trump: If Republicans 'don't get tough, they're not going to win this election'" "Via @digitaljournal: "Donald Trump tweets Obama is 'an incompetent President'" After being ripped off for years, Obama finally figured out that China is taking advantage of us. He's finally listening to me.
Kate Middleton is great--but she shouldn't be sunbathing in the nude--only herself to blame.
Occupy Wall Street is at it again- go out and get a job. It's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money."--Johnny Cash
Hey @KimKardashian--I hear you are undecided in the election. I can explain why you should vote for @MittRomney.
"If you want to know how to prevail through tough circumstances then read "The AFirst Obama says Egypt is not an ally. Then he promises to keep handing over aid No surprise--Obama's Deputy Campaign Manager tweeted link from Chinese propaganda outlet QE3 is going to fu@Shawn_Maynard This is our 13th season. No precise date yet but most likely in the early spring. Shooting is underway. Will be terrific.
Why doesn't Obama let our marines who are guarding the embassies in Egypt have live ammunition? They need it fast.
It's amazing--@hardball_chris has completely lost all connections to reality. He is a complete shill for Obama.
Amazing--playing with an ankle injury, @Yankees Captain Derek Jeter tied Willie Mays last night for #10 on (cont) "Via @starpulse: "Donald Trump Calls Barack Obama 'Incompetent'" My @CNBCClosingBell interview discussing QE3, the housing market, my stock picks and the 2012 election "Oh no, another rapper doing a Trump song --"Young Jeezy - Trump Lyrics." Why aren't these guys paying me?"
I hate @USAToday's redesign--the logo is terrible. Lightweight Al Neuha@foxandfriends in two minutes.
WOW! I just heard that the previously unknown singer Mac Miller has received over 67 million hits on his song "Donald Trump.
Nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program." -- Milton Friedman
Must see video--Obama's criticism of @MittRomney is identical to CaI keep getting great feedback on new #TRUMP cologne 'Success.' Exclusively available at @Macy's Obama's convention bounce is gone. @MittRomney has retaken the lead in the latest @RasmussenPoll It's Thursday, how many more bias press repoWhy are we still giving billions of dollars we don't have in foreign aid to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt?
I will be speaking Monday, September 24, (10 A.M.) at LibeThe media is pathetic. Our embassies are savaged by radicals while Obama does nothing and all they can do is criticize @MittRomney.
What a coincidence that Obama's good friends in Libya and Egypt picked 9/11 to attack our embassies.
With allies like Egypt and Libya, who needs enemies?!
Shouldn't there have been increased security at our embassies on the anniversary of 9/11?
Obama told @NBC that Egypt is no longer an ally. They used to be until he pushed out Mubarak.
Filming of the record 13th season of @CelebApprentice has sta"Wake Up America! See aIf Obama was smaRomney’s campaign is being put on the defensive. He cannot let this happen. Stop pandering. Must get tougher (cont) With the high prices of corn to continue expect even more inflation on the price of food.
Obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst President we have ever had.
We threw our ally Mubarak overboard and Egypt is now our enemy. Great going Obama--Israel is in trouble.
This is all about American weakness and an incompetent President.
Weakness, cow towing and not standing firm is provocative. We are getting pushed around and robbed under this President.
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary." -- Vince Lombardi
Our $16T national debt is now bigger than our $15T GDP. If Obama is re-elected watch for an economic meltdown in 2013.
Deja vu - I can remember a time when our embassies were stormed under another failed President. Obama=CaI guess Obama's Cairo Speech really worked out. The Muslim Brotherhood stormed our embassy on 9.11. Imagine if Obama speaks in Beijing?
Those who refuse to draw red line to Iran don't have the moral right to put a red line to @Israel." -- @IsraeliPM @netanyahu
No surprise. @DNC displayed Russian ships in tribute to vets Obama will go down as the worst President in history on many topics but especially foreign policy.
"It's disgraceful that the Obama Administration's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic (cont) So Obama can host the Muslim Brotherhood Pres. Morsi in the White House OPEC will use yesterday's attacks on our embassies to raise the price of gas. They are always ripping us off.
It's Wednesday, how many more of our embassies will be stormed by Islamists?
What did we get for fighting in Libya besides a dead Ambassador. Demand their oil.
As bad as they were, I don't remember our embassies being attacked when Mubarak and Gaddafi were in power.
The Middle East is blowing up--we didn't back Egypt and now they riot against us. Iran is using Iraqi airspace, (cont) Obama is a disaster at foreign policy. Never had the experience or knowledge. He is not capable of doing the job.
.@MarketMavensInc #asktrump Libya is selling its oil to China--I notice the Chinese Ambassador is very safe.
I always said the people we fought for in Libya were bad news. Once again, I was right.
Obama doesn't know what he's doing. His foreign policy is a disaster. Libya, Egypt, Iraq, Afghanistan--all (cont) An attack on our Embassy is an attack on our soil. We have been attacked by Libya. Go into Libya &amp, take the (cont) We fight to free Libya and they kill our Ambassador and other Americans. Obama's foreign policy is a joke.
When will Obama next go on vacation if he wins the election? The day after.
Why is the Pentagon wasting precious dollars on going 'green.' Complete waste. We need the best &amp, easiest fuel for our military.
I hope the @GOP realizes that if they blow this election the Tea Pa"There is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare." -- Sun Tzu"
"If Obama wins it is the end of the Republican paAmazing. @CelebApprentice has staPriorities--while fundraising and campaigning on our dime, Obama has skipped over 50% of his intel briefings China is an international pariah. They are now harassing Japan over its purchase of 3 uninhabited islands Why won't Obama release his college applications? Is there something 'foreign' about them?
84% of US troops wounded &amp, 70% of our brave men &amp, women killed in Afghanistan have all come under Obama. Time to get out of there.
Whatever happened to Obama's 'independent investigation' into national security leaks from his administration? Where's the media?
The onus of the Chicago teachers' strike falls squarely on the teachers &amp, their union. Inexcusable to leave children without school.
On this solemn day of remembrance we can all take joy in the fact that Bin Laden's last sight was a Navy SEAL pulling the trigger.
"Trump: If Republicans 'don't get tough, they're not going to win this election'" My @SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview with Ken Langone &amp, Dick Grasso discussing the Chicago teachers' strike @ 2012 Discussing the 9/11 attack and coverage with @kingsthings while hosting the 25th anniversary of his @CNN show An impromptu interview I did with German TV on 9/11 down by Ground Zero discussing the attack and WTC Towers Today we remember and honor our fellow Americans and NYPD and FDNY who fell 11 years ago.
Obama called August's job repo"You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals."--General George S. Patton
Why has Barack Obama repeatedly told inconsistent stories about his religious background? Barack Obama used to mock Bush's 300K monthly job repo"President Obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people"--Clint Eastwood"
Obama asked a 7 yr old for his biIn today's #trumpvlog I speak about Clint Eastwood, the #DNC, and Drew Peterson- "You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life." -- Winston Churchill
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
One of the best moves I ever made was staying out of last decade's aDuring @BarackObama's presidency, median family income has fallen 4.8% A lot of people strongly advised me against doing @ApprenticeNBC. Next week we staIf @BarackObama had to use the same labor paThis chaUnemployment rate only dropped because more people are out of labor force &amp, have stopped looking for work.Not a real recovery, phony numbers
There are now 119,000 fewer Americans employed than there were in July. The economy is still terrible.
Today's job repoDrew Peterson, a real sleaze, just convicted of killing wife. Change the law so he gets death penalty.
Dems had a very good and professional convention. The Republicans must be smaThe Republicans must get Virgil Goode out of the race in Virginia. He will take votes away from @MittRomney.
"The YouTube of the 2012 Miss USA contestants, @GiulianaRancic and me singing "Call Me Maybe" Under @BarackObama, 1 out of every 7 Americans is on food stamps.
Scary--while @BarackObama has been POTUS for 1.6% of America's history, he has amassed 33.3% of the total debt.
We've gone from $10 trillion that the president inherited from all prior presidents to $16 trillion" -- @MittRomney
"FoThe Chinese are mistreating Hillary Clinton on her trip Remember while @BarackObama is lauding himself tonight with self-indulgent compliments we have our brave soldiers fighting in Afghanistan.
After @BarackObama's speech tonight--which should be well delivered--reality will hit Friday morning when the new jobs repo"The delegates at the @DNC convention keep shouting "Four More Years." Four more years of 18% real unemployment and another $6T in debt?"
Now we will never know if @BarackObama would have been able to fill Bank of America Stadium. Pretty convenient.
.@BarackObama is now taking credit for changing pa"Donald Trump Has Given Millions To Pro-Romney SuperPACs and His Whole Family Is Cutting Checks to Mitt's Campaign" Iran is flying supply planes to Syria through Iraqi airspace. Thank you, United States, for making this possible!
Bill Clinton did a great job last night--the Democrats are lucky to have him. Do you really believe he likes @BarackObama?
Once again under@BarackObama, the US has fallen down the ranks of global competitiveness Other networks are begging me to do a show--I can't because I'm doing the Apprentice!
Change before you have to." --Jack Welch
Scary thought--is the sexual perveThe Democrats dropped all references to God from their platform. Not good!
Have you seen the new #TRUMP line of clothing, apparel and fragrances @Macy's? Selling like hotcakes. Great for Christmas gifts, etc.
Better off? The $16T US debt works out to $136,260 per household, a 50% increase since @BarackObama took office.
NoI wish the 23 million who are unemployed were able to celebrate like the Democrats in Charlotte right now.
Almost every T.V. show is asking me to go on--especially the @Late_Show. It's simple--I get the ratings!
.@serenawilliams is a special player. After winning the Gold for the US in the Olympics, it looks like she will (cont) With all the talk of fiscal responsibility at the @DNC convention yesterday, it was ironic that the debt passed $16T.
.@lancearmstrong, revise your decision to quit--go back and fight.
Why does US doping agency destroy an American icon, @lancearmstrong, for events that took place years ago in France?
.@lancearmstrong teammate is angry and jealous--he is no Lance.
Very good speech by @MichelleObama--and under great pressure--Dems should be proud!
No surprise. @BarackObama is letting the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt default on their US loans July U.S. construction had biggest drop in 12months. Bad indicator on economic numbers for rest of the year.
What message does it send when @BarackObama's campaign has to spin whether America is better off than it was 4 years ago?
OPEC is better off than they were 4 years ago. Gas has more than doubled during @BarackObama's term. Outrageous!
The Chinese are better off than they were 4 years ago. They have stolen even more from us in jobs &amp, trade during @BarackObama's term.
NBC Wall St Journal Poll of African American voters: 94% @BarackObama, 0% @MittRomney.Even worse than Hillary's old numbers. Is that racism?
With our national debt passing $16T during the @DNC convention, @BarackObama has amassed more debt than the first 42 presidents. Scary.
Record setting gas prices in the U.S. -- we're really looking dumb. Lots of $'s being made on us.
The media can track down @PaulRyan's old girlfriend and marathon time but can't find @BarackObama's college applications or other info.
SmaIs this Hope &amp, Change? A record 46.7M Americans were on food stamps this past June. We must do better.
Why does @BarackObama have such a fascination with my plane? He is more than welcomed to come for a ride.
Joe Paterno's family should sue the idiots @PennState that made that ridiculous deal--and commissioned the one sided repo"Be yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." -- Steve Jobs"
As I predicted 1 year ago, gasoline prices hit a record high today...OPEC is having a ball at our expense.
Great going Andy Roddick! Another victory for a fabulous player. Brooklyn Decker is good luck.
I win awards for speaking-but the enemies either won't comment or will say only bad...leave Clint alone!
If you have a speech-one that would put Winston Churchill to shame, liberals would find a way to make it sound terrible!
Republicans are always saying Obama is such a nice guy. When will they learn that he is not?
Andy Roddick...a great tennis player is a fantastic guy with a wonderful wife.
Republicans should have been much tougher on Obama. Just wait until you see what Obama does to Romney at the DNC!
China is now deploying drones across ocean routes used for trade ".@BarackObama's assault on coal and gas and oil will send energy and manufacturing jobs to China." --@MittRomney"
I am sure the Chinese are getting anxious. They watch the polls. @MittRomney won't let them cheat us anymore.
We have all the cards. Now is the time to make a great deal with Iran.
.@GovMikeHuckabee was great the other night. People love him.
Obama's ideas don't move us 'Forward,' they take us 'Backwards.' These are ideas people come to America to get away from." --@marcorubio
.@MittRomney's entire life and career have built prosperity and growth.
I loved watching Clint Eastwood last night--he was terrific!
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you will never change the outcome." -- Michael Jordan
Gas prices are about to hit a record high during the Labor Day weekend. @BarackObama could have stopped this.
It's Friday, how many adveA fact--golfers don't get aches &amp, pains like others who don't golf. It is amazingly remedial.
Of course @hardball_chris attacked 'biLetterman @Late_Show begging me to go back on his low rated show--calls lots--must apologize for racist comment.
Too busy playing golf? @BarackObama sends form letters with an electronic signature to the parents of fallen SEALs I am impressed with how clearly @PaulRyanVP explains the challenges we face and the solutions @MittRomney will bring as President.
Book on Bin Laden is a terrible violation of code--makes @BarackObama's story a big lie.
I wonder what @JoeBiden was thinking last night as @PaulRyanVP delivered that knockout speech. Joe should call in sick for the VP debate.
After four years of getting the run-around, America needs a turnaround, and the man for the job is Governor Mitt Romney." @PaulRyanVP
The dummies left Iraq (and Libya) without the oil!
Let me say it as clearly as possible, that the attack on my Catholic brothers and sisters is an attack on me." -- @GovMike Huckabee
Congratulations to @GovMikeHuckabee on last night's tremendous speech. Mike united the paOnly two weeks until we staGas prices are way too high. With an economy contracting and lower demand, how do OPEC &amp, the speculators get away with this?!
Even the SEALS who killed Bin Laden don't like @JoeBiden I was putting together my early deals in New York &amp, I was advised by many that I was too young. Believe in yourself &amp, you can do anything.
China's media is attacking @MittRomney while endorsing @BarackObama I am astonished that the media continues to lie. @BarackObama gutted welfare reform. It is a fact!
America needs @MittRomney and @PaulRyanVP and we need them right now." -- @GovChristie
"No one will work harder. No one will move heaven and ea"New business staIt's Wednesday, how much money is China stealing from us today?
Great speech by my good friend @GovChristie. He did something you won't hear at @BarackObama's convention---tell the truth.
My @SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview discussing the 2012 election, OPEC ripping us off &amp, @MittRomney's job policy Congratulations to @AnnDRomney on delivering a knock out speech last night. America can't wait to call her our First Lady.
An excerpt of my @TheBrodyFile interview at the Sarasota 'Statesman of the Year' dinner discussing the Tea PaChina must be worried that @MittRomney will win this November. They have never had such a pushover like @BarackObama.
"What a coincidence--Michelle Obama called Kenya @BarackObama's "homeland" in 2008 .@BarackObama's dismal job record is reason alone that he must be defeated this November.
I am very worried that if @BarackObama is re-elected then Medicare will be destroyed. We must take care of our seniors.
I can't wait to read this...".@BarackObama's Super PAC has continually called @MittRomney a "murderer" "I stand ready to lead us down a new path, where we are lifted up by our desire to succeed, not by a resentment of success." -- @MittRomney"
It's Tuesday--how much inflation has @BarackObama's spending caused today on the price of food and gas?
.@GovChristie is going to do a fantastic job tonight explaining why @MittRomney should be elected and @BarackObama has to go.
.@MELANIATRUMP and I are looking forward to watching @AnnDRomney's speech tonight. She is an amazing woman who will be a great First Lady!
Happy to hear that @ralphreed's Faith and Freedom chapters are at the @RNC convention suppoRemember when @ariannahuff ran for Governor of California. She got 3 votes.
Trump urges GOP to be 'mean as hell'" "Ask China if their rapidly expanding (with our money) Navy or Armed Forces are going "green" -- They would laugh in your face!
.@RobinRobeMy @FoxNews @TeamCavuto interview discussing the @RNC Convention, businesses making products in China and unemployment The Bay Bridge in San Francisco is being built by the Chinese--tremendous cost overruns. A total mess. We should build our own bridges, etc
Don't think my statement on @ariannahuff was harsh, if you knew her and the phony Huffington Post you would understand--- more to follow.
.@ariannahuff is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision.
.@FinancialTimes writes that "@BarackObama should pray that China ove"The US Navy wants to go "green." Our Navy should use the best &amp, most powerful fuel &amp, not play games. Give me a break!
As usual, the weather people got it wrong in Tampa. They just look for headlines &amp, ratings!
Media silent when @BarackObama called @MittRomney a murderer &amp, felon. Mitt mentions 'bi.@BarackObama has completely failed the American people. U.S. annual incomes have fallen over 5% during his term "They succeed, because they think they can." -- Virgil"
Look what happened to the autism rate from 1983-2008 since one-time massive shots were given to children-It is very sad to see what @BarackObama has done with NASA. He has gutted the program and made us dependent on the Russians.
.@dixierhilton #asktrump Sorry to hear of the passing of Neil Armstrong over the weekend. He was an American hero.
One point I made last night and will continue to push is that the @GOP can't be pollitically correct. We must fight fire with fire.
I knew Chris Matthews when he was sane and, quite honestly, wonderful. Now he's gone off the deep end as an Obama surrogate. @hardball_chris
Why do the Republicans keep apologizing on the so called "bi"The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success." --Irving Berlin
.@BarackObama is begging the Eurozone to keep Greece in until after 11.6.12. He thinks the world revolves around his re-election.
.@BarackObama sent over 100,000 jobs and Canadian oil to China all because he would not approve Keystone XL.
I am sure the @NCGOP will do a great job bracketing the @DNC convention. They are a tremendous statewide organization.
It's Friday. How many bald eagles did wind turbines kill today? They are an environmental &amp, aesthetic disaster.
.@DineshDSouza's '2016: Obama's America' is expanding to over 1,000 theaters this weekend. Will be highest grossing documentary in 2012. !!
Florida has been very good to me. I am really esxcited to give back at the Sarasota GOP event and @RNC convention. Will be fun!
Life brings you many surprises. As a child I used to vacation with my family at the Doral in Miami. Now I own it. Here is a letter I received yesterday from someone who has had personal experience with our health care situation. I am proud of the Tea PaDisgusting--@BarackObama's suppo.@BarackObama is bankrupting this country. His budget adds another $4.4T to the debt, putting us over $20T in total debt by 2016.
Terrible tragedy at the Empire State Building today. Must have fast trials and death penalty for the animals.
"Via @theblaze: "Falwell on Trump: He 'was willing to say publicly' what conservatives said 'privately'" Former Navy SEAL Questions @BarackObama's biDishonest repo.@lancearmstrong should immediately reconsider or his legacy is ruined.
I am very surprised that @lancearmstrong gave up. I never thought he was a quitter...
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood President is visiting us next month. @BarackObama is so excited.
The Muslim brotherhood is sending tanks into the Sinai &amp, saying it doesn't violate Camp David accord.
When your life flashes before your eyes, make sure you've got plenty to watch." --Anonymous
A hurricane will be coming to Tampa. My @RNC convention surprise hits Monday night!
The independent watchdog who exonerated @BarackObama for the failed green energy loans just donated $52,500 to Obama's campaign.
The opening of #TrumpScotland- an exciting day on perhaps the world's best golf course, watch the video- .@MittRomney will make us energy independent by 2020 ...Spread shots out over long period and watch positive result.
Massive combined inoculations to small children is the cause for big increase in autism....
Amazing--@VanityFair survived one more day without folding. The clock is ticking...
In any business venture, remember that branding is one of the most crucial aspects of your enterprise. Fight hard for that brand of yours.
Statesman of the Year" in Sarasota, FL on Sunday night--will be terrific--a total sellout.
Wind turbines are a scourge to communities and wildlife. They are environmental disasters.
It is truly an honor that His Eminence Archbishop of New York @CardinalDolan will be delivering the benediction at the @RNC convention.
It's Thursday. I wonder how much money @BarackObama drained from Medicare today to finance ObamaCare.
"Great new ad from @MittRomney titled "Nothing's Free" "Via @dcexaminer: "@realDonaldTrump to speak at @LibeIt's sad to see once decent newspapers like @USAToday failing so badly. I just don't know if they can be saved.
One of the best moves I made early in my career was buying the air rights from Tiffany's flagship. Trump Tower gleams over Fifth Avenue.
Change is not a destination, just as hope is not a strategy." -- Rudy Giuliani
Here's a sneak peek at the @DNC convention theme: "It's not our fault. Blame Bush. Oh, and government built it.
It's Wednesday. I wonder how much money @BarackObama borrowed from China today?
.@BarackObama said he doesn't take the Navy Seals campaigning against him "too seriously.
Can't wait to meet patriotic small business owners next week in Sarasota and Tampa! Hey @BarackObama, We Did Build It!
.@EdRendell's book, "A Nation of Wusses" is an excellent read--especially page 10. Go get it!
Congratulations to @Yankees Derek Jeter on passing Eddie Murray last night to become the 11th all-time @MLB hit leader.
We are about to have a record $500B trade deficit with the Chinese this year. That money should be back here financing jobs in America.
Don't find fault. Find a remedy." --Henry Ford
Putin just sent a Russian nuclear sub to the Gulf of Mexico. @BarackObama can't be bothered, he is too concerned with @MittRomney's taxes.
Gas prices are soaring. $4.12 in CA. OPEC is laughing at how stupid we are.
.@BarackObama was caught telling Russian PM @MedvedevRussiaE that he can be more 'flexible' in his second term. Russia thinks he's weak.
My shi".@washingtonpost thinks @IvankaTrump is "What Washington's Social Scene Needs" "An idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous." --Henry Ford
Many people will be surprised at what is about to be released concerning @BarackObama's background. I, for one, won't be.
It's amazing how many people still come up to me to thank me for 'The AI am tired of @BarackObama talking about @MittRomney's father. Why don't we discuss Barack Obama Sr.!
Only three weeks until the new season of @CelebApprentice begins filming--great all-star cast.
Glad to hear @BarackObama's attack ad featuring my plane is playing in NoDistressed real estate oppoEvery economic climate, whether an uptick or downturn, presents new oppoAmazing--both Transformers &amp, Dark Knight Rises featured Trump prope.@RogerJStoneJr was great on @TheKudlowRepoIt's Tuesday. I wonder how much money @HuffPost lost today--great purchase AOL
Glad to hear that @JimTalent has put some strong anti-China referendums in the @GOP convention platform.
We have to get tough with China before they destroy us.
In less than a week I'll be honored by Sarasota GOP as Statesman of the Year &amp, then give my big surprise to @RNC convention. Will be fun!
If you have any doubt that @BarackObama must be defeated see @DineshDSouza's '2016: Obama's America.' Amazing film!
More of my #TRUMPTUESDAY @SquawkCNBC interview discussing how the US gets killed negotiating with other countries My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing #TRUMPTUESDAYS high ratings, @ToddAkin's statement &amp, @MittRomney's policies My @foxandfriends interview discussing how @BarackObama is running a hateful campaign &amp, the @RNC convention 'Surprise' The @WTA released a new #StrongisBeautiful celebrity campaign today. Amazing athletes. Proud to be a paCongratulations to Billy Payne and @AugustaNational on doing the right thing.
.@Rosie, get better fast. I'm sta"I dream for a living." --Steven Spielberg"
Why are we continuing to train these Afghanis who then shoot our soldiers in the back? Afghanistan is a complete waste. Time to come home!
Unemployment is up in 44 states showing July's unemployment numbers to be broad based Scary thought--@JoeBiden is a heaAmericans already believe that @PaulRyanVP is better qualified to serve as President over @JoeBiden Oil is rising back over $100 barrel. OPEC loves to rip us off. Why shouldn't they--they always get away with it.
Congratulations to @TheSlyStallone and Arnold @Schwarzenegger on 'Expendables 2' #1 box office opening. Still going strong!
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." --Vidal Sassoon
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM--tune in!
Congratulations to @bobmcdonnell on leading Virginia to be in the black for a 3rd straight year. He is a fantastic governor.
If @BarackObama really loved this country, he wouldn't be destroying it. He has ruined our credit and killed jobs with ObamaCare.
US government's foreign indebtedness has grown over 72% under @BarackObama. He is bleeding us dry to China.
The US government's foreign debt is at a record $5.29T .@MittRomney &amp, @PaulRyanVP get what needs to be done to reign in China. @BarackObama gets kicked around by the Chinese.
"Great speech on China by @PaulRyanVP yesterday where he explains why China is treating @BarackObama like a "Doormat" Even NY Democrats are avoiding @BarackObama's convention .@DineshDSouza had to give $1,000 to @BarackObama's brother for his child's hospital bill "Via @EllonTimesKenny: "Trump course sparks international interest" My @gretawire interview discussing why @BarackObama is not a nice guy, and who will win the 2012 election My @FoxNews interview on @TeamCavuto discussing why debt commission should be discussed in debates &amp, @RNC convention Jeffrey Robinson's #TrumpTower has it all. The ultra rich, powerful, and beautiful. It's your summer must-read. The country of Georgia is a small wonder. Performing well economically under the leadership of @SaakashviliM. A great American ally.
...@BarackObama is hiding plenty of bad things.
.@MittRomney shouldn't give additional tax returns until @BarackObama gives his passpo"The harder I work, the luckier I get." -- Samuel Goldwyn"
Wind farms are killing many thousands of birds. They make hunters look like nice people!
Palm Springs, CA has been destroyed--absolutely destroyed--by the world's ugliest wind farm at the Gateway on Interstate 10. Very very sad!
Good news - @MittRomney has pulled ahead in Wisconsin I always said @BarackObama will attack Iran, in some form, prior to the election.
.@Israel could very well be close to attacking Iran. Could be this election's big October surprise...
Jennifer Aniston is engaged--she's a great person and I wish her well.
There are only 22 days for @BarackObama to drop @JoeBiden. Obama is not a loyal guy. I think he is strongly considering it.
I still hold the all-time attendance and pay per view record at @WWE.
Congratulations to @WWERaw on passing 1,000 episodes. @WWE is still going strong after all these years--@VinceMcMahon is great!
There's only only one person who has defunded Medicare. His name is @BarackObama.
CeA great photo of @MittRomney and me I wonder what the work atmosphere is like @VanityFair. It must be hard working at a dying institution.
What's more dangerous for the country--the Iranian nuclear threat or @BarackObama as President?
My interview with Don Imus on @77WABCradio discussing my @RNC convention surprise &amp, @MittRomney's China policy The Huffington Post is such a loser--it will die just as AOL is dying, What a stupid deal AOL made to buy it!
Military reps have attacked @BarackObama over Bin Laden leaks--they believe he's just using this for his benefit. Not a big surprise...
One of the hardest jobs in politics must be cleaning up after @JoeBiden gaffes. I feel sorry for his spokespeople.
The @Lakers should have an amazing team next year with Kobe, Nash and Howard. Will be fun to watch.
Mr. President, take your campaign of division and anger and hate back to Chicago." -- @MittRomney
If you don't have a competitive advantage, don't compete." -- Jack Welch
Chelsea Clinton will be very successful in the world of politics. She's always been a great person--a winner. (cont) $716 Billion from Medicare by @BarackObama. When will it end?
Congratulations to Linda McMahon on her victory in the Connecticut Senate primary. She is an amazing woman--smaI have always done well with propeMy acquisition of the Doral in Maimi will be a major success for the Trump Organization. The re-building is on schedule.
I have hired renowned golf course architect Gil Hanse to rebuild The Blue Monster at Doral. He designed the 2016 (cont) Scary thought--what is the perve.@MissTeenUSA visited today- Richard Mourdock--a very good man running for the Senate in Indiana. Hopefully, he will win! @richardmourdock
I'm really glad that @MittRomney no longer says what a nice guy @BarackObama is.
Lightweight repoCongratulations to @AllenWest on winning last night's primary!
While @JoeBIden is a gaffe machine, yesterday's comments that @MittRomney will "put y'all back in chains" was not at all proper.
"Watch @PaulRyanVP explain how "'It's irrefutable' that President Obama is damaging Medicare'" Nobody wants wind turbines, they are failing all over the world and need massive subsidy--a disaster for taxpayers.
.@BarackObama is promoting ugly, inefficient, unreliable, bird-killing, noisy, neighborhood-destroying wind turbines. Big mistake.
The Euro is going to collapse soon. Cross border lending is already down and banks are stopping their Euro investments.
The Chinese are planning on going to the Moon...I hope they stop and take a look at our flag that was put there 43 years ago." -@MittRomney
Great news--Chinese companies who were fixing prices and accounting are leaving the US stock market Every spoBy the US winning the Olympic medal count, we proved that both the American spirit &amp, talent is greater than a 1.4B population. USA!
Glad to hear @GovChristie will be delivering the Keynote for the @RNC convention. He will deliver a strong message.
Today I am working on my 'big surprise' for the @RNC convention. Everyone will love it.
Now is the time to buy a house if you can DIRECTLY from a bank. They want to get rid of all their foreclosures.
"Via @DC_Decoder: "Donald Trump to 'surprise' GOP convention. What might he do?" "Via @CNNPolitics: "Trump will have 'memorable' role at GOP convention" My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing @MittRomney's pick of @PaulRyanVP, how to frame Medicare debate &amp, @RNC convention Today is #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC, 7:30 AM. Tune in!
Congratulations to our Olympic team for by far winning the most medals, including first place gold.
In ’08, @PaulRyanVP predicted that US headed toward bankruptcy “Borrowing and spending is not the way to prosperity.” -- @PaulRyanVP
Glad to hear patriotic Americans are organizing a movement this August to boycott Chinese products Obama Care stole more then $500M from Medicare.
Trump Chicago was featured in Transformers 3. Trump Tower was featured in Dark Knight Rises. Both are summer blockbusters. #MidasTouch
The Chicago machine is scared. @PaulRyanVP shows that @MittRomney will run on a conservative &amp, coherent platform. 85 days until victory!
Today @BarackObama will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from China. Just another day at the office.
Over 2 million people have lost their jobs since @BarackObama became POTUS. How many of them still have healthcare?
Waste--@BarackObama's Dep. of Energy was warned in advance by Treasury that it wasn't loaning $ out in good deals Sad--only 36% think America's best days are ahead while 49% believe they are in the past I'll be on THe Willis RepoCongratulations to our great Women's Olympic Soccer team @ussoccer on their gold medal. They made us all proud!
Watch my video blog to see if your questions from my Facebook page were answered- Our airpo.@lolojones given a raw deal in @nytimes story--not fair.
SUN newspaper/Scotland repoNewsmax a"I will be speaking the night before the RNC in Sarasota, FL, when I receive the "Statesman of the Year" award.
As we told the @nydailynews, I was asked to speak at the RNC but said no, because I will be doing something much bigger--just watch!
The failing New York Daily News knowingly incorrectly repoChina is cooking up conspiracy theories that the Olympics are rigged. All recent Presidents have released their transcripts. What is @BarackObama hiding?
The Penn State Board should resign based on the grossly incompetent way they handled the NCAA. They gave away (cont) Received a beautiful letter from Joe Paterno's son, Jay. He really loved and respected his father.
.@PapaJohns CEO John Schnatte has told shareholders that ObamaCare will force him to raise pizza prices .@MikeTyson and @SpikeLee I gave a great review of your show in my #trumpvlog A review of @MikeTyson's show, great press on Trump International Golf Links Scotland, and more in today's #trumpvlog- Waste. With 22 new taxes &amp, $1.8T in added debt, @BarackObama's disgraceful 'ObamaCare' will still leave 30M uninsured Just letting China know in advance that the USA will win the medal count in the Olympics. Even with your cheating you can't beat us.
.@MacMiller's 'Donald Trump' song is at 64.5M views on YouTube Even more @BarackObama crony capitalism &amp, corruption. We are guaranteeing a $105M loan to another Obama donor See Newsmax story re Republican National Convention Over 100M are now receiving some form of welfare "Americans never quit." -- General Douglas MacAThe brand new season of @CelebApprentice staI wonder if @BarackObama ever had an Indonesian passpoHave you been to the @TrumpGrill in the Trump Tower Atrium? Best meatloaf in the City--my mother's famous recipe. 212.836.3249
To all struggling young entrepreneurs--stay positive in this tough climate and keep looking for good deals. They are out there.
DESPERATE- @BarackObama is already asking suppoThese are facts: In 2001, the US opened its markets to China &amp, since then more than 2 million Americans can't (cont) Job openings are at a 4 year high but businesses aren't hiring "Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." -- William James"
.@BarackObama-Hood: Rob our children's future by borrowing from the Chinese to pay for socialist programs that will bankrupt us.
No surprise that China was caught cheating in the Olympics. That's the Chinese M.O. - Lie, Cheat &amp, Steal in all international dealings.
Pathetic--@BarackObama is 'sweetening' his offer to the Taliban My @WOR710 interview on The John Gambling Show discussing the 2012 election, Trump real estate projects &amp, our airpoOur major airpoMy @FoxNews interview on @gretawire discussing the @RNC convention, @BarackObama's sealed records &amp, real estate advice My @FoxBusiness interview on @Varneyco discussing @BarackObama's di"The NYPost repo"Great aTucson killer Loughner should be given the death penalty, not his plea bargained life in prison--which will cost (cont) .@HuffingtonPost is doing very badly. Also, very inaccurate stories. Like AOL, when will they fail?
People are finally beginning to hit China and OPEC. They never give me credit for being the first--by far--but that's okay!
Looking forward to meeting the great folks of Sarasota GOP paGlad that @MittRomney is hitting @BarackObama on ending work requirements for welfare. Obama attacks the American work ethic.
Tune in for my interview with @gretawire tonight at 10 pm, @FoxNews
I am honored that @BarackObama has featured my plane in one of his attack ads. It was made in America!
A 'confidential source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama has added over $6T to the new national debt &amp, ruined US credit.
Glad to hear that @FLGovScott will be speaking at the @RNC Convention. He is a true conservative and fantastic governor!
To the geniuses at 'Americans United for Change': the more you tax me the less people I employ. Get it?
Now the world is looking to China for an economic 'lift' I have founded and run one of the largest real estate empires in the world. I employ thousands of people. Why am I the enemy?
The @whitehouse has 'clarified' that the unemployment is actually 8.254% not 8.3% The real outsourcer - @BarackObama is funding German automakers with the GM bailout money Now China 'calls in' US diplomats to lecture them on their illegal escapades. I went to @MikeTyson's play. I will be doing a review in the next #trumpvlog.
Glad to hear Clint Eastwood endorsed @MittRomney. He understands that America needs a big boost to be strong again.
Outrageous--@BarackObama is suing to suppress the military vote in Ohio My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing the @GOP convention, @BarackObama's sealed records &amp, @SenatorReid's tax claimThe real war on women--over 175,000 fewer held jobs in July &amp, 94,000 dropped out of labor force Congratulations to @BarackObama--yesterday marked the 1 YR anniversary of our country's credit being downgraded The Senate should be more concerned about actually passing a budget than spreading lies about @MittRomney's taxes.
The Fed should not do another 'stimulus.' We can't keep spending our children's future away on waste.
Convenient - David Plouffe collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate only a month before joining @whitehouse Wrong--@BarackObama's '08 campaign manager &amp, current Senior WH Advisor collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate .@MittRomney will create 2 million new jobs if elected POTUS. If reelected, @BarackObama will create over $12T in new debt. Easy choice.
"Failure defeats losers, failure inspires winners." -- RobeAn 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama bought his house with the help of Tony Rezko.
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama's biAn 'extremely credible source' has called my office &amp, told me that @BarackObama applied to Occidental as a foreign student--think about it!
Josh Brolin, a friend of mine, was terrific in "Men in Black." Congrats!
China's Olympic training program is abusive Our athletes in the Olympics are proving once again to be the greatest competitors in the world. Makes us proud to be Americans.
Congratulations to @MichaelPhelps on concluding the greatest Olympic career ever. You have made us all very proud.
Congratulations to Gabby Douglas on winning the Gold for the USA in gymnastics. She is terrific!
Over 150,000 more of our fellow Americans dropped out of the workforce in July. @BarackObama is a disaster!
New job numbers once again show no growth or recovery. Unemployment has been over 8% for 41 straight months--now up to 8.3%
US interest payments on the debt have already passed $375B this year Great new ad from @CmteForIsrael: 'Next Year...President @MittRomney in Jerusalem, the Capital of Israel' Good--@marcorubio is trying to eliminate the tax on Olympic medals "Make sure to grab your copy of this month's @Newsmax_Media detailing "The Trump Effect" We need a President who understands the economy - @gallupnews has US unemployment at 8.2% in July, up from 8% in June In '08, @BarackObama hit Bush for secrecy "Capital isn't scarce, vision is." --Sam Walton"
So generous and pious! After spending millions of our tax dollars on his campaign through travel, @BarackObama donated to himself.
More lies and deceptions--@BarackObama is having his ex-staffers write 'independent' studies for his reelection The U.S. manufacturing sector has suffered its greatest order losses under @BarackObama. He has stood idle while China steals our jobs.
Jobless claims rose yet again last week Congratulations to @tedcruz on his Texas primary victory last night. He will be an outstanding Senator.
The deficits under @BarackObama are the highest in America's history. Why is he bankrupting our country?
Now @BarackObama is issuing regulatory demands to states ordering no firings in November ".@MittRomney Op-Ed "Culture Does Matter" : Ohio Senator @RobPo"Good a"NEW @MittRomney TV AD "Dream" - For these small businesses, hope and change was not so kind: "Donald Trump could again defy the conventional wisdom of the chattering class in November."-- @Newsmax_Media's cover "The Trump Effect"
The American gymnastic team was great--our country should take their lead.
.@MichaelPhelps--you are the greatest Olympic champion of them all. Fantastic job!
Control your own destiny or someone else will."-- @jack_welch
Consumer spending is continuing to fall with weak June numbers. @BarackObama's policies have created a climate (cont) No member of Congress should be eligible for re-election if our country's budget is not balanced---deficits not allowed!
You pick it! #1. Anybody that says anything derogatory about @BarackObama is labeled stupid, insane, or (cont) Enjoying the Olympics. Great coverage by @NBC as well. GO TEAM USA!
More waste, fraud and abuse - over $460M in food stamps went to ineligible households Attended last night's @Yankees game--Derek Jeter is both a great player and a great guy.
In '08 @BarackObama called Jerusalem Israel's capital Another example of @BarackObama's diplomatic triumphs--he gave the Queen of England an iIPod filled with his speeches.
Great to see @MittRomney being well-received in Poland The polling numbers for 2012 are very interesting--will Americans ultimately want their leaders to be 'likeable' or 'competent'?
Great job to Missy Franklin. She's got a smile that can take over the world. She's also a major talent. Great going, Missy!
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing 2012 election polls, @MittRomney's current trip &amp, the US housing &amp, land market .@BarackObama blocked Keystone. Now China is preparing a massive $1.5B oil deal with Canada. Reckless--@BarackObama is projecting $1.2T deficit from 2012 budget &amp, a projected $25.4T debt in a decade Not only does ObamaCare have at least 21 new taxes but it will lead to a tremendous doctor shoThe Chinese are illegally dumping bird-killing wind turbines on our shores. Only one of many grievances--we should act.
The US GDP in 2010 was 4.1%, down to 2% in 2011 &amp, now 1.5%. I guess @BarackObama's plan is not working!
.@BarackObama should be careful questioning @MittRomney on diplomacy--how many times has Obama apologized for our country on foreign soil?!
.@BarackObama bowed to the Saudi King in public--yet the Dems are questioning @MittRomney's diplomatic skills.
The difference between @MittRomney and @BarackObama's campaign promises to @Israel is that Mitt will actually keep all of his.
Sma"There is no substitute for hard work."--Thomas Edison"
Why has @BarackObama allowed the Muslim Brotherhood to visit the @whitehouse? What Hope &amp, Change!
The @nyjets are going to have a terrific season. @Mark_Sanchez &amp, @TimTebow will do great things on the field.
What a 'nice guy' - 97% of @BarackObama's campaign ads have been negative attacks on @MittRomney Good news - @RasmussenPoll has @MittRomney beating @BarackObama 49%-44% I am confident when American public gets to know @MittRomney, the race will go his way. He's honorable &amp, successful man--polls looking good.
Price of corn has jumped over 50%. This will cause a jump in food prices perhaps beyond what we've ever seen. Nasty for the economy.
The Audacity of @BarackObama--the Federal Reserve purchased 61% of all debt issued by Treasury in 2011. Killing our children's future.
The Federal government has $2.7T in assets &amp, $17.5T in total liabilities plus another $4.7T in intergovernmental debt. Have a nice day.
By folding, Penn State leadership made things worse. The deal is ridiculous &amp, punishes the wrong people. I hope the alumni sue to oveAmazing how fast all of Joe Paterno's friends abandoned him. They ran for the hills.
Hope &amp, Change--since @BarackObama has taken office, the US debt has increased by an average of $64K per taxpayer.
US Gov't is on the hook for more than a third of the world's entire debt &amp, we wonder why China &amp, OPEC are laughing all the way to the bank!
Congratulations to @BarackObama--he is the first POTUS to run trillion dollar deficits in all four years of his term!
Remember when @BarackObama promised you could keep your coverage? Study shows 1 in 10 employers will drop health care Twitter is on @BarackObama's enemies list "Delusional--@BarackObama claims that his economic plan "worked" The @Yankees acquisition of Ichiro was a sma.@penn_state leadership has permanently scarred &amp, perhaps destroyed a great university. They should have (cont) Which campaign is possibly on the trajectory towards insolvency? China's domestic economic and political problems prove how pathetic our leadership is in allowing China to rip us off BIG--@MittRomney is preferred to handle the economy over @BarackObama by 63%-29% in a @gallupnews poll ".@thehill discussing my @foxandfriends interview: "Trump: 'Clamor for @MittRomney's tax returns has died down'" "From: @Newsmax_Media: "@realDonaldTrump: Public not Worried About @MittRomney's Tax Returns" My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing housing prices, the GDP numbers, China spreading its wealth and my stock picks. "Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make."The AFast trial and death penalty for maniac in Colorado--- immediately pass speed up legislation.
"Read this--@BarackObama's biSHOCK--Hugo Chavez endorses @BarackObama "Jay Carney won't answer repoHypocrite--@BarackObama has major investments in companies that are outsourcing jobs overseas Under @MittRomney, Bain had an 80% success rate with annual returns of over 50%. Under @BarackObama, America has added over $6T in debt.
"Foreign leaders are already requesting meetings with @MittRomney to warn that we are viewed as "in decline" Who else could take 16 vacations, play over 100 rounds of golf and hold over 300 fundraisers while serving as (cont) The NYPD has been doing a fantastic job protecting NYC. I hope Chief Ray Kelly is strongly considering running for mayor.
With 15% US real unemployment and a 16T debt, @Michelle Obama's luxurious Aspen vacation - her 16th - cost us over $1M "Must read aWeekly jobless claims are now at an astronomical 365,000. Manufacturing sector is suffering badly. We must do better. My @CNBCClosingBell interview discussing America's financial unceI'll be on @foxandfriends Monday morning at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
I am impressed with the scam @BarackObama pulled, but the truth will come out.
BreitbaAt least 12 dead and 50 wounded in Colorado--bring back fast trials &amp, death penalty for mass murderers &amp, terrorists.
Some really dumb blogger for failing @VanityFair, a magazine whose ads are down almost 18% this year, said I wear a hairpiece --- I DON'T!
Breitba.@BarackObama economic gloom: jobless claims have surged Irresponsible! In the last 6 months @BarackObama has held over 100 fundraisers and not a single meeting with his Job Council.
"More $ thrown away - @BarackObama gave $20M to Amonix and praised its "success" in '10. It just filed for bankruptcy "Great aI hope Bill Clinton and NEWSMAX's Chris Ruddy are enjoying their mission to Africa. Two great people.
In 1999 @BarackObama said that he didn't suppoVia @BreitbaGreat new campaign ad just released by @MittRomney "Since @BarackObama is on such a "transparency" kick--how about releasing Fast &amp, Furious info to Brian Terry's family?My @seanhannity interview where I discuss @BarackObama's Job Council, @RealSheriffJoe's investigation &amp, 2012 election Corrupt--@BarackObama's largest bundlers are fundraisers linked to the Obama Solyndra boondoggle "Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser." --How To Get Rich"
Columbia University stated there was a "computer error" in their system concerning @BarackObama's attendance. (cont) Taking a photo with my family on the opening day of Trump International Golf Links Scotland- "Cowards die many times before their actual deaths." --Caesar
The new @BarackObama motto - "You Own Nothing, Not Even Your Own Success" ...
So @BarackObama is celebrating his 'bi"John Sununu was more right than he even knew yesterday -- @BarackObama indeed needs to "learn how to be an American."
What recovery? JP Morgan has readjusted Q2 growth down from 1.7% to 1.4% and Q3 to 1.5% with 2012 on a whole at 1.7% What's more impoHappy 94th bi"As I always said, the "BiSo @BarackObama's campaign is calling @MittRomney a potential criminal Why does HI Revised Statute 338-17.8 allow an HI resident who doesn't have to be US citizen to procure an official Hawaii biCongratulations to @RealSheriffJoe on his successful Cold Case Posse investigation which claims @BarackObama's 'bi@NewYorkPost's Cindy Adams has a great repoOn the red carpet at the NYC premiere of Dark Knight Rises with @melaniatrump via @NewYorkObserver's @velvet_roper The class warfare being played by @BarackObama is the only way he can get reelected. He can't have America focus on his horrendous record.
Dark Knight Rises is projected to gross over $180 million this weekend. Remember to watch for Trump Tower!
Weird--why did BarackObama Sr. fail to list @BarackObama as his son in his 1961 INS application? "#BARACKTAX QUOTE: "If you have health insurance, you're not getting hit with a tax."
Watch @BarackObama admit Obamacare is a TAX According to a @gallupnews poll, over 60% think ObamaCare will make things worse for taxpayers Congratulations to John RobeFor the sake of transparency, @BarackObama should release all his college applications and transcripts--both from Occidental and Columbia.
Why would @BarackObama be spending millions of dollars to hide his records if there was nothing to hide?
When will we see @BarackObama's passpo.@MittRomney needs to make @BarackObama regret that he ever asked for his tax records.
"My interview in @politico with @pwgavin discussing being awarded the 2012 "Statesman of the Year" by Sarasota GOP My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing why the Fed shouldn't do a QE3, @BarackObama's college records &amp, 2012 election My review of #TheDarkKnightRises and more in today's #trumpvlog- Remember how @ObamaCare did not have any toI hope @MittRomney now sta.@BarackObama's college application would be very very very very interesting!
If @BarackObama had such a wonderful academic record why wouldn't he want to show it?
I wonder what the answer is on @BarackObama's college application to the question: place of biOutrageous--@BarackObama is trying to unilaterally gut welfare reform "The Supreme ASo much for Hope and Change. @BarackObama has already spent over $100M on attack ads across the swing states He has no respect for American exceptionalism. @BarackObama has outsourced our space program to the Russians Congratulations to @FLGovScott on winning access to federal database I hope @Official1MCD is recuperating well in LA. Get better! @OMAROSA
What controversy? 2 'active' @BarackObama suppoBain did not list @MittRomney as an Executive on its website in 2000 My @foxandfriends interview discussing how @BarackObama should release his college applications &amp, records A drug free A-Rod is just an average baseball player.@Yankees will soon move him down in the batting order &amp, should renegotiate his contract
Wife Huma wants @RepWeiner to "pull a @billclinton by giving a tell-all interview." Unlike Clinton, Anthony is a sick puppy.
My friend @TheSlyStallone lost his wonderful son Sage this weekend. We all send Sly our love and warmest wishes. (cont) For America to be great again we must have a President who has been successful and Americans can learn from on how to succeed.
In his entire political career, @BarackObama has never had a tough @GOP opponent before @MittRomney. He is a paper tiger. #GOMITT
The Football program at Penn State should be suspended.
Penn State is doing a poor job in bringing its mess to a close.They should be ashamed for hiding Sandusky's crimes all these years...
"A true honor. @PressSec considers asking for @BarackObama's college transcripts a "Donald Trump question." .@BarackObama should release all his records (like other Presidents)....
Don't believe the lies--every budget @BarackObama has delivered to Congress raises the income tax on EVERYONE Think of it---20% of our country is essentially unemployed.
.@BarackObama wants to see 10 yrs of @MittRomney's tax returns--tell him "ok--but we want to see your college applications first.'
Nasty tactics being used by @BarackObama campaign against @MittRomney. Must stop saying Obama is a nice man--he is not!
America's Olympic uniforms are manufactured in China. Burn the uniforms!#U.S.OlympicCommittee
I wonder why @BarackObama is not going to the NAACP Convention. Is it because he can't answer questions about 14.7% Black unemployment?
Seth Meyers was terrible co-hosting with Kelly. Marbles in his mouth-&amp, he must stop picking at his hands--insult to the great Regis Philbin!
Free enterprise is still the greatest force for upward mobility, economic security, and the expansion of the middle class." - @MittRomney
Back in NY from Scotland and fighting for our country to get better. Trump International Golf Links Scotland opened to rave reviews.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us."--Ralph Waldo Emerson
"If you don't have passion, everything you do will ultimately fizzle out or, at best, be mediocre. Is that how (cont) Have we ever had a POTUS before @BarackObama who earned over 1/3 of his income from foreign sources and paid taxes to another country?
.@BarackObama repoEven the Left realizes that @BarackObama's policies have led to more jobs being outsourced out of this country. Almost daily more discrepancies in @BarackObama's biography continue to arise. Who is this guy?
Very strange--why do database records contradict @BarackObama and show he was only at Columbia 1 year? "There's no bigger name in America than Donald Trump, political or nonpolitical." --Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters"
Today @MittRomney addressed the NAACP. @BarackObama takes their vote for granted which is why there is such high Black unemployment.
Nice interview in the @The Atlantic of Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters on my 2012 'Statesman of the Year' award Great to see Tony La Russa manage one last game last night. Congratulations to the National League on winning the @MLB All-Star Game.
"Via @AFP: "Trump tees off on new golf course in Scotland" "Chris Ruddy is always on point: "Trump Opens 'Greatest Golf Course In the World'" "Great aHow can @BarackObama invoke Richard Nixon against @MittRomney when Obama just used Executive Privilege on Fast &amp, Furious?!
What a coincidence?! @BarackObama's campaign logo uses the same font as Cuban communist propaganda posters. "However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results." -- Winston Churchill"
Congrats to @BarackObama--he has now had over 40 months straight of over 8% unemployment while accruing over $6T (cont) Everyone is talking about how Trump Tower is the exterior for Wayne Enterprises in Dark Knight Rises---it's true. The liberal media is focusing on @MittRomney's bank records. How about reviewing @BarackObama's illegal land deal contracts with Tony Rezko?
The U-6 Unemployment Rate is over 14.9%. ObamaCare is stopping businesses from both hiring and expanding.
Why is @BarackObama constantly issuing executive orders that are major power grabs of authority? This is the latest .@MittRomney should not give any other fuPresident Obama wants @MittRomney to hand over even more past tax returns- he should when @BarackObama reveals his college applications.
I'm in Scotland to open what we hope to be the greatest golf course in the world--- it's amazing.
I am truly honored to have been chosen Statesman of the Year by the Republican PaMy family and I just arrived in Scotland for the grand opening of Trump International Golf Links, Scotland- When true golfers see what I do at Doral it will be the hottest club in the country. #sayfie #newsmax
A Great 4th of July! America a great country who's brightest days, with wise leadership, lie ahead.
Hope and Change? Job numbers down. Time for @MittRomney
Keep an eye on Anthony Weiner. Weasels are hard to get rid of.
As I anticipated, Justice RobeJob numbers today--- terrible! So what else is new?
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat." ― F. Scott Fitzgerald
John Robe"When will Pakistan apologize to us for providing safe sanctuary to Osama Bin Laden for 6 years?! Some "ally."
Today @BarackObama is in Ohio on a bus tour. Tomorrow Pennsylvania. How about actually running the country?
May jobless numbers have been readjusted to 8.2%. @BarackObama's economy is a disaster I don't care what people say, I like Tom Cruise. He works his ass off and never ever quits. He's one of the few true movie stars.
"We must never bend too much." -- Yitzhak Shamir (1915-2012) "Welcome to @BarackObama's America - 8.74 million workers on 'Federal Disability" "Via @AP's: ObamaCare "is a tax" "Hypocrite! in '06 @BarackObama called private equity "the best oppoJust as I predicted, @BarackObama is preparing a possible attack on Iran right before November. Wow--such sacrfices for his re-election. @BarackObama will not vacation in MaDegenerate former Congressman Anthony Weiner is trying to make a comeback. He is a sick &amp, perveCon Ed has won its suit against the Ground Zero Mosque developers Tomorrow we celebrate Independence Day, America's 236th biI believe @BarackObama made a deal with the Saudis to increase oil production until after the election. Then (cont) Great poll numbers for @MittRomney just out--he is leading substantially in swing states.
The 'brunt' of ObamaCare will be shouldered by folks making under $120K Is it legal for @BarackObama to make campaign donor calls from Air Force One? Why is @BarackObama continuing to lie? Happy to have just passed 1.3M Twitter followers. Love communicating with everyone daily.
David Wright of the NY Mets should have been on the 1st Team All Stars. He's having a great year.
Don't believe @BarackObama's whining--Pro-Romney SuperPAC spending is on par with Pro-Obama SuperPAC Dangerous--The USC ObamaCare ruling means the government can now tax you for inactivity.
China couWRONG: A China couMy @foxandfriends interview discussing ObamaCare, the Romney-Trump fundraiser &amp, my plans for Jones Beach Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC, 7:30 AM. Tune in!
"A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him." --General Douglas MacAInteresting -- studies show that wind farms have a warming effect on the climate
Friends of mine who are driving Cadillacs--it is becoming a very hot car--are raving about what a great job @Cadillac has done.
ObamaCare has 21 tax hikes Great news--here comes the Tea PaJustice Kennedy should be proud of himself for sticking to his principles, in light of Justice RobeInteresting that RobeHad a great time with @MittRomney last night. He is focused and ready for the battle ahead. Lots of money was raised.
It seems that Justice Scalia originally wrote the majority on ObamaCare and RobeJustice RobeJustice RobeWind Farms are not only disgusting to look at but also cause tremendous damage to their local ecosystems. Obamacare will bankrupt our country and lead to socialized medicine. We must all focus now on electing @MittRomney this November.
"A list from @Heritage: "Top 10 Most Expensive Obamacare Taxes and Fees" #FullRepeal: Stopping Obamacare is now up to the American people. We must elect @MittRomney this November.
"Remember this---@BarackObama told @GStephanopoulos in 09 that it is "not true" that the individual mandate is a tax The USC made a terrible decision today. How can a requirement to buy private health insurance logically be a Government tax?!
Wow, the Supreme CouPreliminary talks have begun for next season's #CelebrityApprentice. As usual, we will have another great season.
"The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his oppoIt is terrible that @BarackObama did not appoint an independent counsel to investigate the national security leaks. No accountability.
The Fed's actions these past 3 years could bring record high inflation in the near future. That would be (cont) Who's the outsourcer? @BarackObama's campaign is using a travel company with outsourced jobs in China and India. "A "Lion's List" of Democrats are not attending @BarackObama's DNC Convention. The Democratic PaUnemployment has been over 8% for a record 40 straight months. @MittRomney's election will end the @BarackObama downturn.
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards." --Vernon Sanders Law
Scary--now China's Development Bank is looking to buy U.S. homes and developments Welcome to the new Egypt Muslim Brotherhood representatives who won't take questions from Israeli journalists Shock - @BarackObama's DNC Convention has a $27M deficit and events are sta"Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty heaOutrageous- @BarackObama has spent over $2.7B on implementing @ObamaCare since the oral arguments at SCOTUS I am glad America is staAnother broken promise by @BarackObama: @ObamaCare actually increases income inequality What a statesman! @BarackObama made sure to quickly call the Muslim Brotherhood victor to congratulate him on (cont) The Islamists have won. Just as I predicted, the Muslim Brotherhood has taken over Egypt. @BarackObama never should have abandoned Mubarek.
My @foxandfriends interview re: Muslim Brotherhood taking over Egypt, our vast natural gas resources &amp, US tax system Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC 7:30 AM
An insightful aSometimes there is justice. A Chinese military newspaper was hacked. Many Democrats up for reelection in 2012 are skipping the DNC convention in Charlotte The $9B that @BarackObama spent in 'Stimulus' for Solar, Wind Projects created 910 total jobs, costing $9.8M each. Moody's is out to make publicity. The bank downgrades from yesterday don't make up for @Moody's giving AAA (cont) U.S. tuitions are completely out of control. In the last 4 years, the average price has gone up by 15%. Congrats to @MiamiHEAT on winning @NBA championship. @MickyArison is a tremendous owner &amp, has done wonders for (cont) "Good messaging and staying on point. @MittRomney called @BarackObama "anti-investment, anti-business, anti-jobs"OppoSad--just 16% of American parents think their children will be better off than them The @BarackObama campaign took in $39M in May but spent $44.6M. Sound familiar!
The new @DarKnightRises trailer is fantastic Rape is a huge problem in the U.S. military. Over 19,000 rapes last year.
I look forward to playing golf with President @BarackObama someday.
The USC should be ruling any day now on @ObamaCare. Hopefully we will get the right result.
SHOCK - @BarackObama's people are sending paid political organizers to heckle at @MittRomney events CORRUPT--with the national security leaks and Fast &amp, Furious, there are clearly at least two cover ups in @BarackObama's White House.
Yesterday there was yet another massive intelligence leak by the @BarackObama administration. The Amateur! First @BarackObama was caught bowing to the Saudi King but now the President of Mexico! Now is the time to buy housing, before values have fully recovered. In 5 years, remember I told you so.
.@MacMiller's "Donald Trump" just hit 60 million hits. Maybe I should go into a new business.
Congratulations to @arsenioofficial on his new late night show! He will do really well. (It pays to win #CelebrityApprentice)
Putin has no respect for our President --- really bad body language.
Now the Chinese are planning a war game w/ the Iranians,Syrians &amp, Russians along Syrian coast. Congrats to Roger Clemens, he showed great courage. This case never should have been brought to trial. Andy Pettitte did the right thing.
Now even @BarackObama's old professors are coming out in opposition to his re-election. My @SquawkCNBC interview re: Europe's financial mess, investing in Spain, Germany's economy and the future of the Euro On Friday @VPBiden said that China has better cities and airpoI don't mind that @BarackObama plays a lot of golf. I just wish he used it productively to make deals with Congress!
Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others." -Jack Welch
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM. Always interesting. Tune in!
Win a dinner with @MittRomney and me in New York this June 28th. It's selling like hotcakes! "Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." -- John Wooden"
The U.S. needs to protect our intelligence assets, especially in China. If the Chinese want to spy on us, then we need to return the favor.
Today's announcement by @BarackObama on immigration was done for reelection. He is using the office of the presidency as a campaign tool.
Now is the time for the @GOP to be united with the mission of electing @MittRomney this November. Stop with the public divisions.
I wonder when we will be able to see @BarackObama's college and law school applications and transcripts. Why the long wait?
"Leadership: the aIn some ways it is sad. We all wanted @BarackObama to succeed. It's not worked out that way.
Great players in spo"I don't believe in government picking winners, or in the case of (@BarackObama), picking losers" --@MittRomney"
Failure--for all of @BarackObama's talk of "engaging the world," U.S. favorability has dropped around the world Watch this video to see how bad wind turbines are for the environment- Shocking--over 92% of France--who just elected a socialist for its new PM--want @BarackObama re-elected Today both @BarackObama and @MittRomney are giving speeches on their economic policies in Ohio. The choice is (cont) Today is my bi"The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have." --Vince Lombardi
The one positive from the plunge in household wealth is that we are in a buyer's market. This is the time to buy!
SCARY-$6T in debt and $1T annual budget deficits later, @BarackObama is asking for more time to fix the economy China's currency manipulation is one of our nation's greatest sovereign threats. The yuan has appreciated 40% against our dollar since 2005.
The @MittRomney healthcare plan post ObamaCare relies on consumer choices with more options Thanks to @BarackObama rejecting the Keystone XL pipeline, China has become Canada's biggest oil consumer. China is laughing at us!
Once again, @Cher tweets nonsense about @MittRomney. She needs to stop tweeting &amp, staGood news--@MittRomney is now leading in NoMy @IngrahamAngle interview discussing @JebBush's comments, a united 2012 GOP, #CelebApprentice &amp, Trump#Miss Universe Biden @VP Spends $1 Million Annually for Weekend Trips The Euro, put in place to huGood--@FLGovScott is suing the Federal Government so he can protect the voter rolls "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." --Winston Churchill"
Sad.@BarackObama has already exempted major oil impo"Scary--Americans private wealth fell 40% from 2007-2010 ".@MittRomney is 100% right. The US Supreme CouWelcome to the new reality. Goldman Sachs just based their new Asia Pacific chairman not in Tokyo, but Beijing. Don't believe the media stories. OPEC and the Saudis have not been doing us any favors recently with oil outputs. Oil should be $30/barrel.
"The @timestribune - "@EricTrump: Eyes are on NoAs one of Miamii's largest landowners, I am pulling for the @MiamiHEAT in the @NBA finals. Lebron's time is now! @KingJames
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing Jamie Dimon, the Doral Miami purchase, OPEC's output &amp, @PGATOUR Open My @gretawire interview discussing @billlmaher's comments, attacks on @MittRomney and @CNN &amp, @msnbctv's low ratings Sadly, it took a hit &amp, run auto accident to make us aware of who our Secretary of Commerce is--and such an impo"The entrepreneur builds an enterprise, the technician builds a job." --Michael Gerber"
Don Jr. will present the Keynote Address in South Africa on Dec. 1st @TheInvestShow
Trump Tuesday--@SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:38 AM.
The Justice DepaWASTE--HUD is spending $70M to teach grant recipients how to spend the money from their grants China has copied our military's F-22 Raptor design "Last Friday's gaffe by @BarackObama claiming that the private sector "is doing fine" is illustrative.Everything to him revolves around gov't"
With almost 1.3 million followers and rising really fast, everyone is asking me to critique things(and people). Finally, I will be a critic.
.@MannyPacquiao was robbed in his title fight on Saturday night. No wonder boxing is dying. Bring back the 15 round fights.
Miss Florida was great in her denial of Miss Pennsylvania's phoney statements. She blows Miss Pennsylvania away- a different league .
Thanks to @TheRealMarilu, a great woman, for her wonderful defense of the Miss USA pageant.
Accounting firm Ernst &amp, Young and the celebrity judges are insulted by Miss Pennsylvania's made up PR.
Miss Pennsylvania is just looking for free publicity at the expense of the real winner of Miss USA Olivia Culpo.
Beautiful @MissUSA in @NewYorkPost tomorrow as Audrey Hepburn in front of Tiffany's.
Too bad I'll Have Another out of Belmont Stakes- interest now way down.
Typical--@BarackObama's Press Secretary deflects any criticism of Obama's constant celebrity visits by attacking me. My great honor.
Now @BarackObama is telling @MittRomney how to control his own assets. This is a tragedy. The real unemployment rate is 14.8% with over 23.2 million unemployed Americans. We can do much better.
He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot, will be victorious." -- Sun Tzu
Small businesses will have an ally in the White House with @MittRomney. Mitt gave a great interview yesterday Take a tour of this amazing penthouse in Trump Park Avenue.... Shock--even more @BarackObama solar corruption. @VPBiden's chief of staff's firm got biggest DOE loan. Greece's financial calamity should serve as a warning. @BarackObama's massive deficit spending is unsustainable.
How foolish did @davidaxelrod look yesterday trying to rationalize why @BarackObama accepts donations from Bain? It's good to see that @FLGovScott is protecting the sanctity of this November's elections, Voter fraud must be broken.
While I own prope.@MittRomney and I are working out a great dinner for someone- I hope it's you! Why is @BarackObama spending millions to try and hide his records? He is the least transparent President--ever--and he ran on transparency.
The results are in. I killed Wolf Blitzer in our debate. I like Wolf but he went for an ambush! #wolfblitzercnn
China's new AND ADVANCED currency manipulation is killing the U.S. Help!
The Miss USA Pageant #MissUSA was a big ratings hit for @nbc--NBC won the evening. Thank you, Donald.
.@BillClinton was very nice to me, as I am to him, on the Piers Morgan Show (CNN). He is loyal to his friends. @piersmorgan
Is Roger Simon @politicoroger ever right about anything? Now he's attacking @BillClinton in defense of (cont) .@melaniatrump on @QVC tonight at 7PM EST. Tune in!
A market is never saturated with a good product, but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one." -- Henry Ford
While @BarackObama spends recklessly on domestic projects, he is hollowing out our military with over $487B in cuts What a foolish statement by @davidaxelrod - he said that a @marcorubio VP pick would 'insult' Hispanics We have all been following the Wisconsin recall election. @ScottKWalker's victory tonight will be well-earned. A Governor who gets results.
Trump Vineyard Estates is a breathtaking location to hold special events for all occasions. Watch the video for a look- Just cancelled my subscription to @USATODAY. Boring newspaper with no mojo--must be losing a foMy @SquawkCNBC interview. The real war on women. Under @BarackObama 766,000 more women are unemployed from when he took office Welcome to the new reality-- be careful. Retirement ages will be pushed to 80 due to the incompetence of our leaders. I had a wonderful meeting with Likud Deputy Speaker of The Knesset @DannyDanon this past Friday in Trump Tower My @foxandfriends interview discussing #MissUSA Olivia Culpo, the job numbers &amp, the waste of the Obama stimulus Congratulations to Miss Rhode Island on winning the Miss USA contest. She did an amazing job.
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can." --Paul Tournier
TRUMP TUESDAY @SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:30 am Tune in!
I had fun appearing in the video for Carly Rae Jepsen's #CallMeMaybe for #MissUSA 2012- Watch #MissUSA 2012 live tonight on @NBC at 9PM EST!
I had a fun time doing the #CallMeMaybe video featuring  the @MissUSA contestants, @BravoAndy, and @GiulianaRancic- I am in Las Vegas for the @MissUSA 2012 pageant. Watch live tonight on @NBC at 9PM ET. The @MissUSA 2012 contestants standing outside of Trump Tower in New York City- The stock market is having a horrendous day- bad employment numbers.
Almost all repo"Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can." --Paul Tournier
Now the @BarackObama campaign is fundraising off of me. I should get a tax rebate! Waste! The CBO now estimates that @BarackObama's stimulus cost $831B and a ridicuous $4.1M per job created What a foolish move by @davidaxelrod to speak in Boston yesterday! Completely outmaneuvered by the @MittRomney campaign.
Now @BarackObama is telling donors he will need to 'revisit' healthcare in his 2nd term "Pres. Bill Clinton, 5.31.12: "@MittRomney had a sterling business career."
Tune in Sunday June 3 to NBC at 9pm ET for the 2012 Miss USA competition, coming from Planet Hollywood ResoOver $1T in annual deficit spending and adding over $6T to the debt for what? May jobless numbers are horrendous. The great Obama recovery.
The @MissUSA 2012 contestants pose for a picture with me at Trump Tower in New York City- Bay Bridge in California made in China for $1.8 billion. $300 million in cost overruns. Are we stupid?
See you tonight in NoThank you to the @nydailynews for a very nice story- Unemployment has risen today and some other very bad news has just been repoI'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM...be sure to tune in.
"The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but (cont) US job cuts jumped 53% in May from AprilPathetic! Since @GovWalker is going to win the recall, @BarackObama is trying to disown the endorsement of Tom Barrett Q1 GDP has just been revised down to 1.9% Does anyone believe that @BarackObama did not fully write or review the 1991 publisher booklet?
When will @davidaxelrod realize he is on a fool's errand trying to defend @BarackObama's ineptitude?
Dine with The Donald and Mitt Looking forward to meeting everyone at the No"China and Saudi Arabia recently struck a deal which is "the largest expansion by any oil company in the world" (cont) "The golden rule for every businessman is this: 'Put yourself in your customer's place.'"--Orison Swett Marden"
Commodity prices are beginning to drop as a result of the Euro crisis So @ReutersPolitics claims that @MittRomney's biIt was an honor to be with @MittRomney the night he clinched the nomination. He will defeat @BarackObama and be a tremendous POTUS.
How ironic that @BarackObama's campaign would call me a charlatan. Have they looked at their boss's record?
The @MittRomney fundraiser last night was a tremendous success.
George Will was critical of @MittRomney throughout the primary. Maybe it is because his wife was turned down for (cont) George Will was pushing for @JonHuntsman for the GOP nomination in December...said he was going to win. (cont) The @BarackObama campaign keeps highlighting a web video of John McCain being nice &amp, respectful. I'll bet John (cont) My @gretawire interview discussing my @MittRomney fundraiser in Trump Int'l Hotel Las Vegas and the state of the (cont) My @CNN interview with @wolfblitzercnn where I discuss @BarackObama's 'biScary--America would have had to pay all its GDP to the government to cover @BarackObama's real 2011 budget deficit Now Chinese agents are smuggling our military weapons through rogue US soldiers Everybody is raving about the Trump Home Mattress by @Se"In his own words, @BarackObama "was born in Kenya, and raised in Indonesia and Hawaii." This statement was made, (cont) Rush is right. @limbaugh and I have both created more jobs than @BarackObama...in fact, far more jobs!
What could be better than dinner with @MittRomney and me? I want to see @BarackObama's college records to see how he listed his place of biIt's amazing how celebrities such as @Cher can say horrible untrue things about Republican politicians and it's (cont) Reverend Wright was dumped like a dog by @BarackObama--he can't be feeling too good.
Perhaps @BarackObama's biggest shoPres @BarackObama expects @MittRomney to play nice like @SenJohnMcCain--it's not going to happen &amp, the result is going to be much different.
For what is the best choice, for each individual, is the highest it is possible for him to achieve." Aristotle
The greatest commodity to own is land. It is finite. God is not making any more of it.
I am very excited about hosting @MittRomney today for a fundraiser. Looking forward to seeing @newtgingrich and many other friends.
Losers such as George Will and @Rosie use me to get publicity for themselves. They are strictly third rate.
.@BarackObama is practically begging @MittRomney to disavow the place of biGeorge Will may be the dumbest(and most overrated) political commentator of all time. If the Republicans listen to him, they will lose.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference." -- Winston Churchill
HYPOCRITE! Long before @BarackObama called the Tea PaDine With The Donald and Mitt:Pictures of @melaniatrump and me from the Men In Black III premiere in New York City Why are armed drones being released over our homeland by the Government?Egypt is going the exact opposite of what it was. They will soon be very strongly against Israel. Thanks, President Obama. @BarackObama
My @Newsmax_Media interview discussing OPEC, US gas resources, @MittRomney and running a campaign against @BarackObama "Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." Ralph Waldo Emerson"
Cadillac has made amazing strides in the beauty and quality of their cars. Great management team--congratulations! @Cadillac
Lolo Jones, our beautiful Olympic athlete, wants to remain a virgin until she gets married--she is great. @Followlolo
What a series the @nyrangers @NHLDevils is turning out to be! Tonight's game should be another close one.
ObamaCare's tax credit is underperforming by over 95% creating an even bigger cost to the debt "Interesting.@BarackObama's 1981 transfer class to Columbia "declined" in "quality" according to the Columbia Spectator Welcome to Twitter, @melaniatrump!
Capitalism doesn't guarantee success, only a chance to succeed. The community organizer @BarackObama doesn't (cont) The storied success of Bain in private entrepreneurship and equity is one reason @MittRomney will be a great POTUS.
Disaster! The @BarackObama tax hikes set for 2013 are going "to throw us back into a recession" according to the CBO "Obstacles are those frightening things that become visible when we take our eyes off our goals." -- Henry Ford
A bite from last night's @piersmorgan interview discussing Rev. Wright's Ed Klein interview and the 2012 campaign A segment from last night's @piersmorgan interview discussing @CoryBooker and fighting fire with fire in a campaign The @BarackObama administration is pressuring contractors to fix job loss estimates from environmental regulations I'll be on Piers Morgan Tonight this evening, 9 pm on CNN. Be sure to tune in. @PiersTonight
I wonder if @BarackObama ever applied to Occidental, Columbia or Harvard as a foreign student. When can we see (cont) The Republicans should use everything against @BarackObama--just as @BarackObama is going to use everything (cont) China is now given preference to buy US debt by going directly to Treasury. I don't believe @BarackObama knows that he selling us out.
Glad to see that Sacha Baron Cohen's new movie is not only a dud but not too good at the box office. He is talentless. @Sacha_B_Cohen
Hmmm...can you imagine me speaking at the RNC Convention in Tampa?I am a registered Republican. My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing why I don't own Facebook stock and running a tough campaign against @BarackObama Who would you like to see on next season of #CelebrityApprentice? Let us know- everyone wants to be on it.
In today's #trumpvlog I talk about how well Will Smith handled the situation with the repoI loved Walter Cronkite, one of the all time greats. He couldn't stand Dan Rather--I agree with Walter. @DanRatherRepo"President Obama's literary agent (in 1991) promoted a book about "the first African-American president of the (cont) "Rapper @MacMiller's song, "Donald Trump", now has 57 million hits--- I created another star--- where's my cut?"
Rev. Wright called @BarackObama, on tape, a liar. Why isn't this being looked into? It would be a great commercial for the republicans.
Mr. Pesident, @BarackObama, you cannot attack free enterprise and expect to have a healthy economy!
"Will Smith did a great job by smacking the guy "repoAmerica has lost its AAA rating and gained over $6T in debt under @BarackObama and now he wants to raise the debt ceiling--SCARY!
Congratulations to @DavidWright of the #Mets. What a great season he is having--batting over 400 and clutch hitting. Also, a fantastic guy.
The @Yankees must re-negotiate @AROD's contract. He is not the same player without drugs.
#CelebrityApprentice Who will win? Time Warner Cable went out on 5th Avenue for 2 plus days. They are a disaster. I think I'm going to switch.
Sure--@BarackObama's literary agent claims the 1991 booklet was a 'mistake' "Let's take a closer look at that biReckless! Why is @BarackObama wasting over $70 Billion on 'climate change activities?' Will he ever learn? Seems hard to believe that @Facebook could be woDonna Summer performed for me many times--she was great and will be missed. @TheDonnaSummer
Mitt Romney matches sitting President in fundraising for April--not an easy thing to do. Bad news for (cont) Under Mayor @MikeBloomberg and Police Commissioner @Ray Kelly all violent crime in NYC is down dramatically. That's leadership.
The best vision is insight." --Malcolm Forbes
WaPo attack on alleged high school incidents by @MittRomney is a hit job to me. Where are @BarackObama's high school and college records?
Here's what I told @Gretawire on @FOX when it comes to singer @Cher's inappropriate attacks on @MittRomney "Diligence is the mother of good luck."--Benjamin Franklin"
SHOCK! While attacking @MittRomney's private equity experience, @BarackObama raises $2M from private equity bankers Wrong! Under @BarackObama's watch, @Israel is not being invited to NATO summit in Chicago this month Glad to see that Jamie Dimon passed yesterday's shareholder vote. The JP Morgan stock holders understand that a good CEO is woThe final two- @ArsenioOFFICIAL and @ClayAiken- visited yesterday- Under @BarackObama, the Iranian nuclear program has rapidly grown. We should not bail out any of the European countries or banks.
Why the nation's debt keeps growing - a Dept of Agriculture employee made over $242K with a $63K bonus "A great ad from @MittRomney showing "A Few of the 23 Million" unemployed who need economic change Why won't @BarackObama repeal the Defense of Marriage Act if he suppoAccording to @RasmussenPoll @MittRomney has a 12 point advantage over @BarackObama on the economy "Congratulations to my friend @limbaugh on being named to the "Hall of Famous Missourians." Rush is a great guy &amp, a great character."
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing Jamie Dimon, banking regulations and Mark Zuckerberg's prenuptial My @gretawire interview discussing @BarackObama's misleading political ad, @MittRomney's response and @Cher &amp, @Rosie I hope Mark Zuckerberg signs a prenup with his current girlfriend- perhaps soon to be wife. Otherwise, she can walk away with 9 billion.
Worired that the USC will strike down ObamaCare, @BarackObama is trying to implement his debacle in public schools More than $500 million designated for Iraqi Army disappeared. Where is it? Our sad sad country--what have we come to?
Mitt Romney gave a masterful speech this weekend at LibeNow China is threatening our allies who share defense pacts with us, the latest is the Philippines Did @BarackObama try to bribe Rev. Wright with $150K? "Great quote from the late Steve Jobs: "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."
Facebook billionaire gives up his U.S. citizenship in order to save taxes. I guess 3.8 billion isn't enough for (cont) Very resource rich Canada, our neighbor, is looking to China for its growth. Just another sad commentary on the U.S. The TIME Magazine cover showing late age breast feeding is disgusting--sad what TIME did to get noticed. @TIME
Howard Stern will do a great job on @America'sGotTalent. He's very sma@Cher should stop with the bad plastic surgery and nasty statements about good people running for office. I (cont) Ugly industrial wind turbines are ruining the beauty of pa"Terrible. Wind farms are provided permits by the US government, which causes the "programmatic" killing of bald eagles."
Good news. Voters give @MittRomney the edge over @BarackObama on handling the economy according to @gallupnews If the press can repoProcter and Gamble is relocating its beauty headquaThe April jobs repo"Selective memory - @BarackObama says that he "forgets" the recession Watch Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday at 9 pm on NBC--we're winding up for a terrific finale. What a season! I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 a.m. Always a great time.
In the UK, taxpayers are wasting £24 million on wind farms that don't even operate. Who's the flip flopper? @MittRomney has never flip flopped on gay marriage.
Our trade deficit continues to rise at record rates Congratulations to @IsraeliPM @netanyahu on forming his new unity government. A major political success for the Jewish State of Israel.
Welcome to the new reality. @BarackObama is now letting China buy US banks .@Cher attacked @MittRomney. She is an average talent who is out of touch with reality. Like @Rosie O'Donnell, a total loser!
The polling numbers show a close race. @MittRomney needs all of our suppoGeorgetown should not host @KathleenSebelius for the graduation ceremony. Her policies abuse Catholics.
Gas prices are still too high. We really need to pressure OPEC to lower the price of oil.
Joe Biden called America "the Problem" vis a vis Iran My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing the Republic of Georgia, taxes, the fledgling economy and Facebook "It's not that I'm so smaMy son Don will be giving the Keynote Address at The Investment Show in Sandton, South Africa on Dec. 1. He's an (cont) Why do you need a photo ID to buy a drain cleaner 2011 #CelebrityApprentice winner @JohnRich and @MarleeMatlin interviewed the final four in this week's episode- "Entrepreneurs must have vision plus the power of focus... to see the future and turn their vision into a profitable reality." #MidasTouch
I don't consider writing books a small venture...writing books is essentially a sharing experience." @MidasTouch @theRealKiyosaki
VOTE 4 @mariamenounos &amp, derekhough#01 tonight! She's doing a great job on Dancing with the Stars #DWTS (&amp, a good person). 1-800-868-3401
V.P.....really! What's the primary ingredient for success? Passion. You have to love what you're doing or you won't get too far.
You can't build a reputation on what you're doing to do." Great quote by Henry Ford.
Still a buyer's market. Home prices are dropping, moWe must keep the pressure on @BarackObama's administration to make sure Chen comes to the US. It would be a tragedy to abandon him in China.
No wonder Afghanistan is a mess! @BarackObama is releasing high level insurgents in exchange for pledges of peace. I had a great time doing press interviews with @LisaLampanelli and @Teresa_Giudice earlier today- Our economy is at a standstill. Some are even predicting a possible double dip. We need to elect @MittRomney in November.
The election result in France is very disappointing. The Europeans have to embrace austerity in order for their economy to fully recover.
Glad to hear Mariano Rivera is going to make a comeback in 2013. He is a true spoThe 9/11 trials at Gitmo over the weekend were a disaster. Can you imagine how much worse it would be if @BarackObama tried them in NYC?
Watch ET tonight to find out what my beautiful wife will be wearing at the Met Gala! My @foxandfriends interview discussing the 9/11 Trials at Gitmo, @MittRomney, the job numbers and @CelebApprentice "Much as it pays to emphasize the positive, there are times when the only choice is confrontation." #TheA"Ultimately, Trump Tower became much more than just another good deal. I work in it, I live in it, and I have a (cont) Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @squawkboxCNBC, 7:30 AM, don't miss it!
Looks like my work here is done, bringing a close to the first ever #NBC #SweepsTweet. Keep watching @ApprenticeNBC, every Sunday 9/8c.
Firing @lisalampanelli may have come as a surprise. She’s a strong player. But there are no losers at this late point. #sweepstweet
#CelebrityApprentice Listening to the advice from @johnrich and @marleematlin adds another insight into the Final 4. #sweepstweet
#sweepstweet @3nVMusic I very much rely on my own ‘take’ of the situation and people involved. My instincts (cont) #SweepsTweet @clayaiken might get some use out of the Chi Touch digital hairdryer. Not the same for @arsenioofficial.
Remember the huge amount of money raised by @JohnRich and company... #sweepstweet
I have a feeling the emphasis by @johnrich and @marleematlin will be on the charities and the money raised. (cont) #CelebrityApprentice It’s good to have Jack back too with @marleematlin. He’s become a star. #sweepstweet
#sweepstweet @johnrich and @marleematlin were on #CelebrityApprentice—and they’re back!
#sweepstweet Teresa seems to underestimate the power of observance—that of the client as well as her team- but she’s a wonderful person
#CelebrityApprentice Boardrooms—can anything be more intense? #sweepstweet
#sweepstweet @teresa_giudice definitely fell under @lisalampanelli's negotiation skills—an impo#sweepstweet @lisalampanelli wins $100,000 for her charity and that’s a nice gift.
#sweepstweet @DonaldJTrumpJr and @EricTrump have the eyes and ears for total surveillance- I wonder where they got that from?
#CelebrityApprentice @arsenioofficial “trying to be invisible”? No way that’s going to happen. #sweepstweet
Product placement is a definite prerequisite. #sweepstweet
How will the client react? They’ve got both Elle Magazine and Chi to please. #sweepstweet
Aubrey has a lot of self confidence—but will it be warranted? #sweepstweet
I’m not sure about @teresa_giudice as Project Manager. @lisalampanelli can be formidable. But let’s see what happens #sweepstweet
Good move by Aubrey to be the red-headed model they didn’t have. #sweepstweet
It’s clear to me that @teresa_giudice needs some lessons in negotiation #sweepstweet
Could be a fight over red-heads with @lisalampanelli—this could be good. #sweepstweet
I will be live tweeting during tonight's #CelebrityApprentice 9 PM ET @NBC
This Sunday's @CelebApprentice will shock you! Big Development...Be sure to tune in on @NBC this Sunday at 9PM EST!
In the 1920's people were worried about global cooling--it never happened. Now it's global warming. Give me a break!
According to @BarackObama the War on Terror is over With today's struggling job numbers, it is clear that there is one choice this November. @MittRomney can turn the economy around.
Welcome to the @BarackObama recovery--the labor force paThe new unemployment numbers are terrible. 522,000 more people are out of the labor force to 88,419,000. Mariano Rivera, Yankee pitcher, is the greatest ever. Get well fast.
Derek Jeter is playing phenomenal baseball. He is a total winner--and also a great guy. @DerekJeter
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM...
Photo from yesterday's USGA announcement that Trump National Golf Club Bedminster will host the 2017 U.S. Women's Open- Fracking will lead to American energy independence. With price of natural gas continuing to drop, we can be at a tremendous advantage.
Congratulations to the @thenyrangers on taking a 2-1 lead over the @washcaps. Great game last night!
We will never cut spending until we actually work off of a budget. The Democrats haven't passed one in over 3 years. What a joke.
"Now @BarackObama is praising China's "cooperation" in negotiations over Chen Guangcheng Listen to my interview with @gretawire tonight at 10PM ET on @FoxNews.
The rolling average of jobless claims is the highest in 5 months "The economy will come back, but it will not be the same economy. The old economy of the Industrial Age is (cont) WRONG!@BarackObama capitulated to China by releasing Chen Guangcheng out of the US Embassy Snowboarder/Skateboarder @Shaun_White stopped by to visit this week....When will @BarackObama release his college and law school transcripts?My friend Ronald Kessler explains in @washingtonpost that Secret Service problems are much bigger than prostitutes Orders for U.S. factory goods in March record biggest decline in 3 years The new Dark Knight Rises Trailer is great "Editorial by @DonaldJTrumpJr in the "DailyCaller: "Defending Innovation in America" My interview with @NYDNGatecrasher discussing @BarackObama's #WHCD and my endorsement of @MittRomney "China's leadership is sneaky and underhanded, they significantly underrepo"Here's the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military (cont) America's debt crisis is our country's greatest challenge. Spending must be curbed for our long term fiscal future.
Bad move-@BarackObama released $147M in aid to the Palestinians The EPA official who wants to crucify gas companies resigned "@rupeMy @SquawkCNBC interview discussing @BarackObama's #WHCD, my Scotland propeMy @foxandfriends interview discussing @BarackObama's #WHCD, lowering tax rates, Republic of Georgia &amp, (cont) "@BaatorKosu: @realDonaldTrump awesome" Thsnks!"
"The innocent bystanders of American pove"Our Founding fathers got it. They understood that nothing good in life--religious freedom, economic freedom, (cont) Here’s a great video of the official launch of my new fragrance #Success @Macys Herald Square Guess which POTUS has held more fundraisers than the previous 5 combined? The Federal Government is teaching citizens 'Financial Literacy' while it is running $16T in debt Chinese spies stole our F-35 Joint Strike Fighter design Barack Obama's delivery on Saturday night was excellent--cute mention of Trump--and I am flattered to be mentioned. @BarackObama
Good Morning America is thrilled @Rosie is working for the @todayshow--that means almost guaranteed success for @GMA
He @johnedwards is bad, but @andrewyoung is worse--not only is he a "rat" but it turns out he stole much of the money for himself.
Rosie O'Donnell should leave Lindsay Lohan alone--@Rosie has bigger problems than Lindsay. Lindsay's mother called my office for help
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @squawkCNBC 7:30 AM EST. Always interesting.
#SuccessByTrump Here’s a photo from my appearance at @Macy's Herald Square with @ximenanr Wind turbines threaten the migration of birds Claims for unemployment are at a 3 month high The Obama's Spain vacation cost taxpayers over $476K "In this book, our second together, we share what gives us the Midas Touch, the ability to turn things we touch (cont) Be sure to tune in to another amazing episode of #CelebApprentice this Sunday on @nbc at 9PM EST! This Sunday's (cont) "The EPA is caught saying that their "philosophy is to crucify oil companies" Admiral McRaven had full operational control of the Bin Laden mission "I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about 'onshoring' or 'insourcing?' We need (cont) I have never been a fan of John Edwards but it is time for the gov't to focus on more impoI wonder why @BarackObama is now spending $8B to postpone Obamacare's Medicare Cuts until after the election? Standing on what will be the greatest golf course in the world. Opens July 10th. The economy is expected to slow down once again at the end of the year Still a buyer's market. Residential home sales fall 7.1% in March. Congratulations to @MittRomney on Tuesday night's sweep. He also delivered a 'Killer Speech' "Right now, we are running a massive $300 billion trade deficit with China. That means every year. China is (cont) "The fact is, right now and for the foreseeable future, the planet runs on oil--and that means we need to get (cont) Demand by China continues to raise the price of oil Majority of Independents want Obamacare oveCongratulations to the @NYRangers on bringing the series home last night.
Made in America? @BarackObama argues that his long form biThe Government spends 30% more than it admits "You can take the smaWhy gas prices will cost @BarackObama re-election: pain-at-the-pump-not-good-for-obama I am enjoying my travels across Europe but home is where the hea"I'm loyal to people who've done good work for me." #TheAAmerican professors were in Tehran for an Occupy Wall Street Conference 69 Democrats voted in favor of the Keystone pipeline in the House this week Lucky to have been chosen for the purchase of the magnificent The Point Lake and Golf Club on Lake Norman in (cont) Not only are wind farms disgusting looking, but even worse they are bad for people's health "More than anything else, I think deal-making is an ability you're born with. It's in the genes." #TheA"Via @BBCNews, "Trump begins renewables mission in Scotland" "Via @Reuters_Biz, "Trump flies into ex-Soviet Georgia for tower project project" Just left Istanbul, Turkey, yesterday where #TrumpTowers was just opened--magnificent!
Today I'm in Aberdeen, Scotland, preparing for the July 10th opening of perhaps the world's greatest golf course Recently opened @TrumpToronto- it's beautiful and here is a video of the ribbon cutting ceremony.. Tonight’s #CelebrityApprentice will continue to impress. Be sure to tune in tonight at 9PM ET @NBC. It will be amazing.
My interview with @parademagazine from the Olympics 100 Day Countdown in Times Square A bad manager such as @BarackObama will continually be plagued by scandals. "#trumpvlog The song "Donald Trump" hits 54 million views. @MacMiller- Where's my money? Dick Clark was a friend of mine, he lived in one of my buildings on East 61st Street. Everybody loved him. He will be missed.
Don't be fooled. In 2008 @BarackObama promised immigration reform in his 1st yr of his 1st term. Now promising (cont) In today's #trumpvlog @RepWeiner, the Secret Service, and Dick Clark..... RECKLESS! @BarackObama has now increased the debt more than any other POTUS and the first 42 combined. Ted Nugent was obviously using a figure of speech, unfo@FLGovScott signed a $70B budget which cut $140M in indiv projects Very proud to announce that Mar-a-Lago was awarded top Historic building in the state by the illustrious (cont) "I make no apologies for this country, my pride in it, or my desire to see us become strong and rich again. (cont) My @fox8news interview discussing the passing of my longtime friend Dick Clark. Vanity Fair paI knew disgusting and unwanted porn star @REPWEINER was a sleazebag the first time I met him. Thank goodness he was revealed (so to speak).
#CelebrityApprentice ranked #1 among ABC ,CBS, and NBC in all key demos from 10-11PM. It won the 10PM hour by a 53% margin in 18-49 rating.
By @BarackObama's design, the middle class will be hit with record taxes under ObamaCare through inflation Vanity Fair circulation down 20 percent. My third rate stalker should staObama's Secret Service catastrophe has openly revealed a great lack of respect for our President. If they (cont) Gloria Allred is always talking about me. She needs publicity. She is by far a better PR agent than lawyer.
Under @BarackObama, 5 major banks now control 56% of economy from 43% in 2007 Yesterday was @BarackObama's favorite day of the year--he collects our taxes to redistribute.
Our ally Canada is 'frustrated' by @BarackObama's radical anti-gas policies Enjoyed watching @ericbolling $ @SarahPalinUSA's @FoxNews special #PainatthePump over the weekend. (cont) While @BarackObama watches, China is trying to have the yuan oveHe @MittRomney would do a great job on Saturday Night Live. @nbcsnl
Paul Teutul Sr. is a fantastic guy. Although I fired him on #CelebApprentice, we will remain great friends. I love the bike he made for me.
"I have captured the smell of success. Meet me and the new "Success" @Macys Herald Square April 18 5:30pm, first (cont) My @foxandfriends interview discussing @BarackObama's reckless spending, the Buffet Tax gimmick and #CelebApprentice #CelebrityApprentice Paul Teutul, Sr. joined me for a press event in Trump Tower last week- Mike Bloomberg is doing a great job as Mayor of New York City. Ray Kelly is a great Police Commissioner. @MikeBloomberg
I'll be on@SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:30 am #TrumpTuesday
Hear me on @kiss925toronto now!#rozandmocha
Find out what Success smells like. I'll be @Macys Herald Square April 18 5:30pm to sign my new fragrance, first (cont) I will be at @Macys Herald Square April 18 to sign my new fragrance, #Success by Trump. First 100 customers receive a copy of my new book.
It will be interesting to see how Jenna Talackova does as Miss Universe Canada. We all wish her luck.
The FDA must immediately stop allowing massive dose vaccinations in babies. It is mind boggling that they allow this practice to continue.
Axl Rose should take his #rockhall2012 honors and be happy. Stop the no induction nonsense. Do it for your fans @axlrose.
One of the simplest joys of life is golf. A great game to both play and watch.
Now @BarackObama's Vice-Chief of Joint Staff is defending China while they cheat Many many people are thanking me for what I said about @autism & vaccinations. Something must be done immediately.
Many countries are cutting back, big time, on ugly, industrial wind turbines. The energy is very inefficient & (cont) The Celebrity Apprentice delivers the goods--and the puppets-- Sunday at 9 pm on NBC I'll be on @foxandfriends at 7:30 AM Monday
Attention to detail is critical, choose scents that exude sophistication & confidence. Find out more 4/18, 5:30 pm @Macys Herald Square.
Excited to see that @AnnDRomney has joined twitter. Melania and I are looking forward to hosting her next week (cont) He @FLGovScott handled the Zimmerman matter very well. I am glad to see there will be a trial. Justice. Now let's wait for a fair trial.
It's Thursday, how much $ has @BarackObama wasted today?
I’ve gotten many letters from people fighting autism thanking me for stating how dangerous 38 vaccines on a (cont) "Beyond eliminating the wasteful spending, we need to get tough in cracking down on the hundreds of billions of (cont) "We just have to get tough, get sma"Look, if we can make chopsticks in America and sell them to the Chinese, we can compete on hundreds of other fronts as well."TimeToGetTough"
I developed the Wollman Rink under budget and in record time China attempted to sell embargoed computers to Iran There can never be a sharp economic recovery until @BarackObama is out of the White House.
The Fed should not do QE3. Neither the economy nor the dollar can withstand another round of aI'll be speaking tomorrow at the San Jose Convention Center (CA) for the first- ever National Achievers Congress Thousands of US warplanes, ships and missiles contain fake electronic components from China, leaving them open (cont) Watch @IvankaTrump's Ready-To-Wear Fashion Show at @LordandTaylor featuring @TrumpModels and @MissUSA..... Good news--@RickSantorum did the right thing. I congratulate him on running a very good race. Now it's onto @BarackObama -- go get him Mitt!
He @BarackObama wants 23 years of @MittRomney's tax returns He @newtgingrich is sounding more and more like a real team player...he is a really good guy!
Now they say obese women may cause Autism in children- nonsense, they use any excuse. The FDA should immediately (cont) Thomas Kinkade died. I happen to love the beauty of his paintings. He took a lot of heat from aI will miss Mike Wallace. He did a major interview with me for 60 Minutes and it was totally fair and balanced. (cont) Vanity Fair Magazine, which used to be one of my favorites, is failing badly. Newsstand sales are plummeting--- (cont) #CelebrityApprentice contestant @LouFerrigno stopped by to visit today- Congrats to @bubbawatson on winning the Masters. He did it without heavy reliance on coaches and the other hanger-ons - he just played golf.
I made my decision to allow Jenna Talackova to paVote for Mar-a-Lago- #MidasTouch is divided into five sections. The second is the index finger which represents Focus- $6 gas is coming sooner than later. America must become energy independent with our own resources and fast.Also, (cont) "The best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have. Leverage is (cont) THe WH should not have hosted the Muslim Brotherhood. @BarackObama's friends are enemies of the US and @Israel. The Islamist winter is here.
It's @BarackObama--who wants to raise all our taxes--who applauds China for cutting their taxes! (cont) His @BarackObama's budget: interest payments to China will exceed US defense spending by 2019 "The five fingers represent the five key factors every entrepreneur dreaming of success must master." (cont) Looked at plans for Trump Doral Country Club today. It will be amazing! Glad to be in Miami.
Proud to see my friend Governor Chris Christie standing up for Israel on his visit. Standing tall!
Arrived in Palm Beach, drove by a gas staion, $4.50 a gallon. Result of failed @BarackObama leadership.
"The Midas Touch hand is the ideal metaphor to represent the attributes critical to entrepreneurial success." (cont) The #CelebrityApprentice Sunday night on NBC at 9 PM. Another exciting episode is ready to go. Don't miss me on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM
My book with @theRealKiyosaki, Midas Touch is divided into five sections. The first is the thumb-"While @BarackObama criticizes the GOP budget, his own paOprah will end up doing just fine with her network--she knows how to win. @Oprah
He @RickSantorum is now losing in the latest @ppppolls to @MittRomney in Pennsylvania "Here's the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military (cont) "Here's the solution on China: get tough. Slap a 25 percent tax on China's products if they don't set a real (cont) This is a great time for @RickSantorum to bow out with dignity.
My @gretawire interview discussing @BarackObama's USC comments, insurance premiums, @SarahPalinUSA on the (cont) My @IngrahamAngle interview discussing healthcare monopolies, @MittRomney, oil prices and @AnnRomney's biMar-a-Lago, my club in Palm Beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built, has been nominated as one of (cont) Why gas prices will rise, Miss Canada/Miss Universe, and #CelebApprentice in today's #trumpvlog... I'll be speaking on Thursday, April 12, at the first-ever National Achievers Congress at the San Jose Convention (cont) He @BarackObama made a deal with Saudi Arabia to pump the hell out of oil until after the election. Watch what (cont) My twitter account is now reaching more people than the New York Times--not bad. And we're only going to get better!
#CelebApprentice contestants @DeeSnider and @DebbieGibson joined me for interviews today- "China is our enemy. It's time we sta"Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game." #TheAAnother solar company @BarackObama funded with our money has filed for bankruptcy He @BarackObama said it would be 'unprecedented' if the USC rules that ObamaCare is unconstitutional. It was (cont) Real estate is always a great asset to own but especially now. Try to take advantage if you can and buy (cont) He @BarackObama should not be trying to intimidate the USC justices on ObamaCare. He is worried because SG (cont) "Life is very fragile and success doesn't change that. If anything, success makes it more fragile. Anything can (cont) My #TrumpTuesday @SquawkCNBC interview discussing golf, VP choices, the real estate market & healthcare reform "When people treat me badly or unfairly or try to take advantage of me, my general attitude, all my life, has (cont) “Tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday.” - John Wayne
Chinese demand is raising the price of oil to$123/Barrel "The @BarackObama administration is far more enthusiastic about boosting food-stamp enrollment than about preventing fraud." #TimeToGetTough"
What will be @RickSantorum's excuse tomorrow after @MittRomney wins Wisconsin and Maryland? Time for Rick to face reality and drop out.
The US should not give a penny of foreign aid to Egypt if the Muslim Brotherhood takes over the country. We (cont) "America's competitors love @BarackObama. @MedvedevRussiaE says @BarackObama has been "the best 3 years" for Russia I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM.
Be sure to download my new The Celebrity Apprentice app to begin interacting with this Sunday's episode Some exciting news--the newest acquisition of Trump Golf--Trump National Golf Club, Charlotte NC, formerly The (cont) He @BarackObama wants record high gas prices--drilling permits on federal land are declining under his regime White House Press Sec. had a hard time explaining why @BarackObama suppoI'll be speaking at the first-ever National Achievers Congress at the San Jose Convention Center (San Jose, CA) (cont) "Waste! With a $16T debt and $1T budget deficit, @BarackObama is sending $770M overseas "to fight global warming" It was great seeing @MissUniverse and @MissTeenUSA yesterday- "A sma"The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it." #TheA"I like thinking big. I always have. To me it's very simple: if you're going to be thinking anyway, you might as (cont) Don't forget the three hour episode of Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night 8pm-11pm on NBC. You're in for a (cont) A study says @Autism is out of control--a 78% increase in 10 years. Stop giving monstrous combined vaccinations (cont) Photo of @Gretawire and me from yesterday's interview... Bad news for @BarackObama. @gallupnews repo@VP Biden is delusional. He is criticizing @MittRomney on jobs."In 2008 @BarackObama warned that "electricity rates will necessarily skyrocket" during his term. Mission Accomplished! He @BarackObama received an early endorsement from the Soviet newspaper Pravda over @MittRomney (cont) "Liberals can hardly belileve it--they can't understand how health care costs could have risen so much when (cont) The House Republicans and Democrats are finally unanimous! Yesterday they voted down @BarackObama's $3.6T budget (cont) "Fans like winners. They come to watch stars--great exciting players who do great, exciting things." #TheAMy @gretawire interview where I discuss the #ObamaCare USC argument, gas prices & @IvankaTrump's new clothing line "To have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system. Almost every (cont) "What's incredible is that @Obamacare hasn't even kicked in yet and aleady it's doing tremendous damage." (cont) I wonder if @BarackObama has promised Iran and China that he can be more flexible after his last election?
The Afghan Security Forces who we are training have killed 52 U.S. soldiers I will be on Greta @gretawire tonight at 10 PM on Fox News.
When @BarackObama is not vacationing, he is hosting his top donors in the White House Welcome to the 'Islamist Winter' - the Muslim Brotherhood is now taking over the Egyptian military and possibly (cont) Global warming has been proven to be a canard repeatedly over and over again. My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing interest rates, the deficit, @RepPaulRyan's timing, @TimTebow and the Doral Alex Rodriguez should substantially reduce his salary from the Yankees in that he misrepresented his use of (cont) Behind the scenes photo of @Gretawire and I filming an interview- I'll be interviewed by Greta Van Susteren @Gretawire tonight at 10 pm ET on Fox.
Let's not get too excited about Monday's U.S. Supreme Cou"@jayleno - my description of @MittRomney - "Future President" or "POTUS 45" or "@BarackObama's Worst Nightmare"
"America's relationship with China is at a crossroads. We only have a sho"Sadly, when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs, Obama has been a total disaster. And (cont) Not his 'per se'? A Friday document dump shows @BarackObama all-hands-on-deck as Solyndra collapsed Mar-a-Lago, my club in Palm Beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built, has been nominated as one of (cont) ObamaCare is clearly unconstitutional. Hopefully the USC rules correctly but in the end repealing ObamaCare requires a political solution.
Whether @RepPaulRyan's plan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue, the issue is strategic timing. Why release it now?
When confronted, @RickSantorum can't defend his ridiculous attacks on @MittRomney He @BarackObama is caught on tape making election promises to @MedvedevRussiaE on missile defense and national security My @foxandfriends interview discussing the @nyjets acquisition of @TimTebow and the timing of @RepPaulRyan's plan Trump Tuesday: I'll be on @SquawkCNBC tomorrow morning at 7:30 AM. Be sure to tune in.
"If we reelect @BarackObama, the America we leave our kids and grandkids won't look like the America we were (cont) "With China beating us like a punching bag daily, OPEC vacuuming our wallets clean, and jobs nowhere in sight, (cont) "If you are a young entrepreneur just entering the business world, I highly recommend that you read "The AHe @BarackObama is incapable of admitting that he is a complete and utter failure. He is 100% responsible for Solyndra. The Chinese want to steal our jobs and technology--that includes so called green energy which they make but (cont) I'll be on @Foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM.
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC. You're in for a great show.I am following the Trayvon MaCongratulations to Woody Johnson and @nyjets on acquiring @TimTebow.@TimTebow is not only a winner but a leader. (cont) Happy Bi"We have to get tough on China. For every one American child there are four Chinese. China is out to steal our (cont) "The blatant waste of taxpayers' dollars doesn't bother Obama, because it's all paThe Saudis are taking credit for a meager 2% drop on crude Strange--why didn't @BarackObama hold any special event to celebrate the 2 year anniversary of ObamaCare? He @RickSantorum has as much chance of being the GOP nominee as @Rosie does of ever having a successful (cont) He @MittRomney had another impressive win last night in Illinois. His delegate lead is insurmountable. It is (cont) My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing the GOP primary, gas prices, the Doral purchase and my outlook on the economy. They should seriously look into the moron George Zimmerman who shot and killed the 17 year old kid, Trayvon (cont) Ron DeSantis, Iraq vet, Navy hero, bronze star, Yale, Harvard Law, running for Congress in Fla. Very impressive. Played the Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach last weekend. One of the best golf courses in the country. Perfect weather.
He @RickSantorum wants to decide what books people can read, what movies they can see. #freespeech It doesn't work that way!
Trump Tuesday on @SquawkCNBC, 7:30 AM, is getting very good ratings as is @Foxandfriends on Mondays, 7:30 AM.
Just bought Doral Hotel &amp, Country Club in Miami--within two years it will be the best resoI am deeply disturbed by what I have read in the case of @TrayvonMaI am so glad @Rosie got fired by @Oprah. Rosie is a bully and it's always nice to see bullies go down!
Congratulations to @BarackObama for being reckless. In his first 38 months in office the debt has grown at a rate that is unthinkable.
Why does @BarackObama always have to rely on teleprompters?
America is mired in the longest job recession since the Great Depression. @MittRomney can get us out of it. (cont) My @foxandfriends interview where I discuss @Rosie being canceled yet again and how she just can't make it on TV My @Gretawire interview where I discuss why @BarackObama is an economic ignoramus and how OPEC is inflating gas prices. Give great credit to @GeorgeClooney for exposing the atrocities taking place in Sudan.
Rosie O'Donnell has failed again. Her ratings were abysmal and Oprah cancelled her on Friday night. When will (cont) Be sure to download my new The Celebrity Apprentice app to begin interacting with this Sunday's episode #CelebApprentice fans watch today's #trumpvlog We should have gotten more of the oil in Syria, and we should have gotten more of the oil in Iraq. Dumb leaders.
"We don't always think of our presidents as jobs and business negotiators, but they are. Presidents are our (cont) "If we keep on this path, if we reelect @BarackObama, the America we leave our kids and grandkids won't look (cont) Afghani soldiers--those on our side--killed 7 Marines last month. Rising gas prices are causing a steep rise in consumer prices and will slow any future economic growth. It is a tax on all Americans.
I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM. Be sure to tune in.
Barack Obama is hard at work today on his highest priority--his reelection. @BarackObama has 5 fundraisers in 2 cities.My @FoxNews interview with @TeamCavuto where I explain that we need to sta@RickSantorum is clearly not a team player. If he was, knowing that he has a zero chance of winning the (cont) Be sure to watch #CelebApprentice on Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC. Another great episode!Once again, @RickSantorum proves he can't run a professional campaign. He is ineligible in large section of (cont) He @BarackObama invited his top campaign bundlers and donors to the British State Dinner Last week was a first in #CelebApprentice when I fired 2 celebrities at once. Wish I could FIRE @RickSantorum! (cont) I'm not a hunter and don't approve of killing animals. I strongly disagree with my sons who are hunters, but (cont) "The illegal immigrant crime problem is far more serious and threatening than most people understand. Along our (cont) "When your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military capability, you (cont) SHOCK! ObamaCare will cost double what @BarackObama promised -- over $1.76 I commend @DrZuhdiJasser for defending the NYPD and Commissioner Kelly. The NYPD has done outstanding work in defending NYC from attacks.
The 2012 budget deficit is already $93 billion larger than earlier estimates "Yes, the BP oil spill was bad, but it was no reason to put tighter clamps on domestic drilling. That showed no (cont) "In terms of energy, we need to be exploring and developing numerous approaches...and I also include in that (cont) The day after @BarackObama blocks a Texas voter photo ID law, @JamesOkeefeIII exposes more dead people getting ballots My @CENTURY21 Super Bowl commercial #trumpvlog My thoughts on Afghanistan, @RickSantorum, and why I fired two people on this week's #CelebApprentice... My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing today's primary contests, @MittRomney's lead and my stock picks My @gretawire interview from last Friday discussing the unemployment numbers, gas prices and acquiring the Doral Trump International Hotel &amp, Tower New York---winner of the Forbes Five-Star Hotel Award in 2009 through 2012. NYC's top cop acted wisely and legally to monitor activities of some in the Muslim community. Vigilance keeps us (cont) He @RickSantorum should get out of the race so Republicans can focus on @BarackObama.
Cadillac Championship at Doral a great success--I just bought Doral--it will be amazing. Cadillac a great American car.
His @BarackObama's specialties? Vacations and campaigning. Jobs not so much!
Would anyone in the music industry treat a Democrat like this? @RealMeatLoaf is being punished for his political views Doral Tournament was great--best 18th hole in golf and a wonderful winner in @JustinRose
Afghanistan is a total disaster. We don't know what we are doing. They are, in addition to everything else, robbing us blind.
"China talks about the so-called "carbon footprint" and then, behind our leaders backs, they laugh. They could (cont) The US is stupidly closing all of its coal fired plants while at the same time we're selling our coal to (cont) Maniac Sergeant who went on a killing spree in Afghanistan must be punished, big time, and quickly.
Seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas prices--not biWhen I was 18, people called me Donald Trump. When he was 18, @BarackObama was Barry Soweto. Weird.
Personally, I'm glad the NYPD is monitoring the actions of ceThe Celebrity Apprentice, Sunday night at 9 PM on NBC. Another great episode!I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM, don't miss it.
Coincidence? More than half of @BarackObama's 47 biggest fundraisers have been given administration jobs. The only candidate who can get 1145 delegates is @MittRomney. The primary is over.
BarackObama set a record deficit last February - $229 billion while borrowing 42 cents of every dollar it spent. @BarackObama is reckless.
Excited by my acquisition of Doral Hotel & Country Club in Miami--already world class, but will soon be The Best.
Ray Kelly is the best Police Commissioner in NYC history. Keeping NYC safe thru vigilance. @RayKelly
"Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take (cont) "That's what I find so morally offensive about welfare dependency: it robs people of the chance to improve. Work (cont) "America deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our Armed Forces face in our (cont) He is a professional and true gentleman: @GeorgeTakei is one of my favorite contestants from #CelebApprentice.
Gas is $6 already in California. Don' worry - @BarackObama's Algae energy policy is going to pay major (cont) He @BarackObama will lose a delegate in Oklahoma--he only got 57% of the vote in the Democrat primary He @BarackObama claims he does not want higher gas prices. That's not what he said in 2008: "As an "honorary Buckeye" I want to thank the OH GOP primary voters for putting @MittRomney over the top. It was a crucial win."
My interview with @Jay_Severin on behalf of @MittRomney discussing why the GOP must nominate @MittRomney My interview on @ASavageNation discussing why @MittRomney will defeat @BarackObama with a strong campaign. Happy and proud to help @MittRomney win Ohio with robo-calls in pivotal Cuyahoga County
"The military threat from China is gigantic--and it's no surprise that the Communist Chinese government lies (cont) "While China screws us with every turn of its currency, is the biggest commercial espionage threat we face, (cont) Someone should ask @BarackObama in today's press conference how he accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined.
He @BarackObama promised to close Gitmo in his first year. It is still open 3 years later and about to get a (cont) Strong leader: @IsraeliPM Netanyahu explained at AIPAC the threat Israel faces from Iran's nuclear drive. He is (cont) He @BarackObama is using the IRS to sabotage the Tea PaChina is raising its defense budget by 11% Today will be a Super Tuesday for @MittRomney -- he will win over 220 delegates from states across every region. He will be the nominee.
With respect to Iran, we have all the cards--they are scared stiff! I can't believe we aren't able to negotiate (cont) My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing why @MittRomney is a great nominee, gas prices and why George Will is a loser. "Americans understand that the US has a spending problem, not a revenue problem." #TimeToGetTough A MUST READ! @AndrewBreitbaI fully suppoOnce again, @BarackObama's speech at @AIPAC yesterday proved that he is more concerned about containing @Israel (cont) Shock! Obamacare's high risk pool spending DOUBLED government estimates Dopey @GeorgeWill, the most overrated political pundit in the business, continues to downgrade the Republican (cont) "If history teaches us anything, it's that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national (cont) "The Chinese laugh at how weak and pathetic our government is in combating intellectual prope"The real unemployment rate according to the CBO is 15% He made a great contribution to the press--@AndrewBreitba"@BarackObama claims that his Koran apology "calmed things down" "Imagine how much stronger economic shape we would be in if we made the Iraqi government agree to a cost-sharing (cont) "Imagine how much money the average American would save if we busted the OPEC ca@BarackObama should stop pressuring Israel against attacking Iran and worry how he will stop the Iranian nuclear drive. @BarackObama
China is getting minerals from Afghanistan Gas prices are up 30 cents this month, rising 21 days in a row After Super Tuesday, every GOP candidate should take a long hard look at their prospects and drop out if they can't get the nomination.
I loved being a surrogate on behalf of @MittRomney. I am glad I was able to help him win.
Ann Romney is a fantastic lady. She was great in thanking people last night! "American corporations and entrepreneurs are masters of technological and business innovation, but the Chinese (cont) "@BarackObama seems to have no regard for how China is conducting massive industrial espionage against the (cont) ObamaCare gives free insurance to illegal immigrants. Yet @BarackObama is cutting our troops healthcare. (cont) He was quick to issue an apology on behalf of America to Karzai. Why won't he release the letter? @BarackObama America will have record growth and prosperity during his adminstration: @MittRomney's success in the private sector is a tremendous asset.
#trumpvlog My thoughts on gasoline prices skyrocketing...... The oil reserve is a strageic asset for a time of war and an embargo. @BarackObama should open more land for drilling, not tap the reserve.
Mitt's got it right: @RickSantorum's attacks on @MittRomney's pro-growth tax cut proposal are foolish.
New York Times Apologizes to Donald TrumpA recent story in the New York Times incorrectly stated that Donald (cont) "If @Barack Obama is really concerned about carbon emissions and air pollution, then maybe he should have (cont) "The fact is, you're not going to see real growth or create real jobs until we get these exorbitant energy costs (cont) The UK has run out of money and can't afford to borrow. It is time Republicans stop attacking each other and focus on @BarackObama. America cannot survive a second term.
It is time to get out of Afghanistan. We are building roads and schools for people that hate us. It is not in our national interests.
What America needs: @MittRomney follows in steps of Kemp and Reagan with pro-growth tax cut.
"For a country like China, being able to steal our military designs represents hundreds of billions in savings (cont) "While @BarackObama is obsessed with 'green collar jobs,' blue collar workers aren't buying it." (cont) Pastor #Nadarkhani must be released by Iran immediately. I applaud the @WhiteHouse & @StateDept for issuing (cont) As gas prices keep rising, @BarackObama won't approve Keystone. Instead he is pushing algae - yes, algae - as an (cont) In 2008, @BarackObama campaigned against $3.50 gas My interview with Michael Patrick Shiels on WJIM in Lansing on behalf of @MittRomney My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire discussing the #CNNDebate and how to deal with Iran without using force I'm on @foxandfriends every Monday morning at 7:30...
Take a tour of this amazing residence at Trump World Tower..... Clive Davis gave a great eulogy at my friend Whitney Houston's funeral--absolutely amazing!
Debbie Wasserman Schultz is hard to watch or listen to--no wonder our country is going to hell!
"Restoring American wealth will require that we get tough. The next president must understand that America's (cont) "We are the greatest country the world has ever known. I make no apologies for this country, my pride in it, or (cont) "If China didn't play games with its currency and we played on a level economic playing field, we could easily (cont) HALF of Americans don't pay income tax despite crippling govt debt...Irony! @BarackObama was in Florida yesterday fundraising. Gas also rose to $6/gallon for Florida drivers yesterday. "@MittRomney to @RickSantorum in #CNNDebate: In 2008 You Called Me "Really Conservative" Iranian Pastor #Nadarkhani has just been sentenced to death by the Mullahs because he is a Christian (cont) In last night's #CNNDebate @MittRomney proved once again why he is the steady conservative who can restore America's future.
My interview with @Newsmax_Media where I explain that gas is headed to $5, $6 and why @RickSantorum can't win My robocall on behalf of @MittRomney playing across the state of Michigan "America's relationship with China is at a crossroads. We only have a sho"We need to bring manufacturing jobs back home where they belong." #TimeToGetTough Rev. Graham made a critical point. @BarackObama has turned a blind eye to the Christians being persecuted in (cont) He may be the worst repoNow @BarackObama wants us to believe the Republicans cancelled Keystone and are responsible for $4 gas. He (cont) As the @BarackObama's took their 16th vacation this month, unemployment is back to 9% and underemployment at (cont) The more I get to know @MittRomney the more I like him. He has the judgment and private sector experience America needs in the White House.
My interview with @PaulWTalk on @wjrradio on behalf of @MittRomney discussing why Michigan needs to go for Romney. David Letterman's show has become so boring and mundane. Somehow, every time I look, I can't help thinking of (cont) "Right now we have a president and a Treasury secretary who shrug while China tears away hundreds of thousands (cont) "Our President should stop trying to be an economist to the world and staIran's threats are no excuse for the 9 month high price of oil. OPEC is ripping us off while @BarackObama watches. If the GOP will have any chance to beat @BarackObama in November, the great people of Michigan need to suppoAs the nuclear crisis with Iran shows, America needs to impoMichelle Obama's weekend ski trip toAspen makes it 16 times that Obamas have gone on vacation in 3 years. (cont) Foreigners slashed the purchase of US debt late last year--the first time in over 2years. We must control spending. Mark my words, a gallon of gas will be $5 during the summer. OPEC is ripping us off. There's nobody in our (cont) Watch #CelebApprentice this Sunday at 9PM ESTon @NBC--it has received many 4 star reviews.
Admitted:@BarackObama's Treasury Secretary admitted that their 2013 budget does nothing to address America's (cont) Our ally Canada wants to send their oil down south to us. @BarackObama is forcing Canada to send it west to China.
He @MittRomney wrote a great piece on China My @todayshow discussing the @CelebApprentice discussing the cast Don't forget! Sunday night at 9 pm EST on @nbc--Celebrity Apprentice is back! Tune in for a great show. @ApprenticeNBC
"By raiding the defense budget to pay for his failed social programs, @BarackObama continues to weaken our (cont) "I've got news for President @BarackObama: America is not what's wrong with the world. I don't believe we need (cont) "Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does, it slows growth and kills jobs. It's (cont) Weakness is very dangerous: @BarackObama is going to unilaterally disarm our nuclear arsenal. America keeps the world safe!
"Bush was called "unpatriotic" by @BarackObama in '07 for adding $4T to debt The Fed is considering issuing even more US bond debt into the market. Not good!
Gallup poll proves that @BarackObama's regulation and Obamacare are stopping small business owners from hiring "Yesterday China VP Xi stressed "the benefits of trade with China" to Congress Old Post Office Building in DC will be a world-class Trump propeHe @MittRomney gets the China problem, why don't the others?
Very successful fund raising for @MittRomney yesterday. Good to see my friend Woody Johnson.
"Pat Caddell on Neil Cavuto tonight: "I've watched Donald Trump take on the issues of energy and he ties it to (cont) Canada's PM was in China last week brokering a deal to sell the oil @BarackObama rejected in Keystone. Scenes from last night's episode of @OCChoppers where @DonaldJTrumpJr and I visit the OCC HQ Wrong Policy: @BarackObama wants to cut defense spending by $487B while China is building their navy in the Pacific. The recession was made worse by @BarackObama. A $900Billion deficit is not getting better.
When the economy is bad, @BarackObama wants to raise taxes. When the economy is good, @BarackObama wants to raise taxes. Notice a trend?
Iran's attack on Israeli diplomats is an attack on the West
So @JLin7 had another game winning shot last night. Looks like the Knicks have not only found a new point guard (cont) "The final pa"China is our enemy. It's time we sta"So, I speak badly of China, but I speak the truth and what do the consumers in China want? They want Trump." (cont) A clip from my interview with @jimmyfallon discussing the cast of @ApprenticeNBC Season 5 Flattering. Over 500 upset people called Mar-a-Lago disappointed I am not running for President--but Mitt Romney will do a great job.
America's primary goal with Iran must be to destroy its nuclear ambitions. Let me put this as plainly as I know (cont) "We need a dealmaker in the White House, who knows how to think innovatively and make sma"We need a president who is smaIn today's #trumpvlog I speak about the chopper recently made for me by @occhoppers...."@BarackObama's budget funds the "Arab Spring" with $800B and the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt $1.3B in military aid. He loves radical Islam.
This is dangerous: @BarackObama is seeking to shrink Israeli military funding but gives $1.3Billion to Muslim (cont) A gallon of gas is $3.523 today and has never before risen so high early in the year So wrong! @BarackObama is hosting China's VP Xi Jinping today at the Pentagon with a full honor ceremony with music and cannons...
A day after @BarackObama released a trillion dollar budget deficit, he is hosting China's future leader VP XiJinping. America's new reality.
A day after Greece burned @BarackObama released a $3.8 Trillion budget for 2013 with a $900 Billion deficit.He will turn America into Greece
Watch Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on NBC at 12:35 EST tonight---I'll be bringing a couple of surprises with me.
"We need a tax system that is fair and sma"Look, when it comes to China, America better stop messing around. China sees us as a naive, gullible, foolish (cont) "It's a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone." (cont) Honored to have passed 1 million twitter followers. We are making America #1 again. #TimeToGetTough
This has to stop! @BarackObama loves accruing American debt--he missed his budget deficit goal by over $500 billion. My @foxandfriends interview discussing my friend Whitney Houston, @SarahPalinUSA's CPAC speech,the economy and primary Whitney Houston was a great friend and an amazing talent. We will all miss her and send our prayers to her family.
This week we saw what Obama Care actually does when implemented. It is a losing issue for @BarackObama and must be repealed.
The $25 Billion settlement with the banks on mo“Our country is the greatest force for freedom the world has ever known. We have big hea“As someone once put it, ‘Marriage is the greatest ‘anti-pove@MittRomney will give a great speech at CPAC today. He understands the threat from China.
“Obama doesn’t respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us. He thinks that the wealth you create (cont) "The fastest way we can sta"The GOP needs to learn how to get tough and outnegotiate @BarackObama and his big spending allies in (cont) Keystone must be approved. Oil is at a record high. We need to use our resources and suppo@WyattBrian Timing is impoThe Church is yet another victim to his liberal agenda: @BarackObama lied to his Catholic suppoQ/A @thecelidebiasio The secret behind my success is that I love what I'm doing. That gives me energy, focus (cont) The Fed is destroying the dollar. When inflation hits the economy then even more jobs will go overseas.
Q/A @stalkinpeople Yes, I'd give the real numbers.
Q/A @saychowder I receive a great many requests for interviews, nationally and internationally.
"Why should he? He's only the POTUS--and @BarackObama has "no opinion" on whether the Senate should pass a budget. "Lawrence O'Donnell will soon have another cancelled show to go along with his three cancelled TV series, "Mister (cont) #trumpvlog Windfarms in today's video blog... My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire discussing the 2012 GOP primary and ObamaCare's attack on the Catholic Church. My @CNN interview with @TVAshleigh discussing @MittRomney's electability and @RickSantorum's Senate loss. Who is the dumbest man on TV? @Lawrence of MSNBC... Jon Huntsman called to see me. I said no, he gave away our country to China! @JonHuntsman
Check out a picture of the custom made Trump Bike that Paul Teutul Sr. presented to me today in Trump Tower-- "Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does, it slows growth and kills jobs. It's (cont) #trumpvlog My thoughts on @RickSantorum in today's video blog... "Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take (cont) "I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about 'onshoring'?" (cont) ObamaCare is an attack on our country's identity. The latest victim is the Catholic church. It must be full repealed. @BarackObama
Government dependency has surged over 23% since @BarackObama has taken office. I see my friend @FlaGovScott is speaking at CPAC. Solid guy, wonderful job. #sayfie @marcaputo
Why is @MittRomney the only guy who talks about getting tough with China and their currency manipulation?
Many people have been asking me to answer questions. You can ask me questions at any time. #TrumpQandA
Vanity Fair is failing. Newstand sales are down 20 percent--2nd most for major magazines and the magazine has (cont) I see @FLGovScott poll numbers are improving. Good man doing a good job.
Many, many people are disappointed I didn't run third paI endorsed @MittRomney not because I agree with him on every issue but because he will get tough with China.
Another @BarackObama green car loan recipient is laying off staff. "A record 1.2 million Americans have left the job force during @BarackObama's "recovery" "It's hardly any wonder that our country's manufacturing dominance has evaporated." #TimeToGetTough (cont) "Destroying the world's finest health-care system so that @BarackObama can have his socialized medicine program (cont) I believe @BarackObama is manipulating the jobless numbers "Tune in tonight at 1 AM EST to the QVC network to watch Melania Trump debut her first 2012 "Melania Timepieces & (cont) My @foxandfriends interview discussing the Super Bowl, the real unemployment numbers, Iran and @MittRomney's (cont) As China is building an air and naval force, @BarackObama is cutting ours. The Prayer Breakfast was used by @BarackObama to say that the Bible commands higher income taxes. That's not the way it is!
The economy is in terrible shape. @BarackObama is manipulating the job numbers to hide the truth. He's saddled our children with more debt than we accumulated in 225 years in America. @BarackObama has done an (cont) Not the world, only your tiny group of viewers--the world doesn't care about you. @lawrence You're too stupid to (cont) "So, I speak badly of China, but I speak the truth and what do the consumers in China want? They want Trump." (cont) Congrats @MittRomney on a huge NV victory. Let’s make @BarackObama a one term president #SuperBowl Vote for me and @CENTURY21-- You’re hired! The @CENTURY21 ad is airing during the #SuperBowl and you need to get voting! Vote for me & @CENTURY21: The CBO has predicted that unemployment will rise to 8.8% this next year. My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire discussing why I endorsed @MittRomney and why he will make a great President "We have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers." (cont) My @FoxNews interview with @TeamCavuto discussing my endorsement of @MittRomney and how I came to my decision My @CNNS interview with @wolfblitzercnn discussing my endorsement of @MittRomney and why he can beat @BarackObama I watched @BarackObama at the National Prayer Breakfast -- and he looked totally uncomfo"The New York Times/Bill CaSleepy eyed @chucktodd thinks Las Vegas is a state--see @todayshow this morning.
I bet the dumbest political commentator on television, @Lawrence, will soon be thrown off the air for poor (cont) Watch my endorsement of @MittRomney. I will be making a major announcement today at 12:30 pm PST at Trump International Hotel & Tower, Las Vegas, (cont) I will be making a major announcement tomorrow (Thursday, February 2) at 12:30 pm at Trump International Hotel & (cont) #trumpvlog @BarackObama's dismal record in today's video blog.... He @BarackObama wants to release 5 senior Taliban detainees back to the Taliban. His spending is reckless: @BarackObama will set a record fouShocking--two of @BarackObama's largest campaign bundlers are directly linked to Solyndra "The point is: the Chinese are sma"America became a powerhouse because of our deep belief in the vi"A tough negotiator can make the Chinese back off. We've done it before." #TimeToGetTough I was on @SquawkBox this morning My @FoxNews interview with @TeamCavuto discussing the national housing market, unemployment numbers and the FL (cont) My @jrg710 interview discussing building a cemetery next to Trump National, the FL primary, @ApprenticeNBC and OPEC Great news that the New York Stock Exchange won't be owned by a German company. European regulators turned the (cont) Congratulations to @MittRomney for an impressive win in Florida. He performed well under pressure.
Formerly of the New York Times, @frankrichny was a poor theatre critic who was forced out. Sadly, he is an even (cont) Keystone: @johnboehner MUST pass Keystone by linking it to another bill. The banks need to staThe Muslim Brotherhood, @BarackObama's allies in Egypt, will cancel the Camp David Agreement. A commander in chief has to possess the right instincts. That's one of the biggest problems with @BarackObama: (cont) Notice how @BarackObama failed to mention ObamaCare last night in his SOTU. Even he knows it is terrible.
"What's incredible is that Obamacare hasn't even kicked in yet and already it's doing tremendous damage." (cont) "It is simply immoral for the government to encourage able-bodied Americans to think that a life on welfare, of (cont) My @gretawire interview discussing @BarackObama's economic failures, attack on capitalism and playing class warfare. My @foxandfriends interview discussing my possible GOP endorsement, @MittRomney's taxes and the Florida primary. All eyes are on Florida today. I will be watching the GOP primary results very closely. We need the right candidate to beat @BarackObama.
My appearance this morning on Good Morning America...Today is a big day for us and for Toronto: Trump International Hotel & Tower Toronto opens today. (cont) The Islamists are taking over Egypt through the election. Keystone must be approved through Congress. @BarackObama is costing America over 20,000 jobs and driving the price of gas high.
The GOP primary is getting very nasty. The candidates need to remember that @BarackObama is the main target. He must not be reelected.
Glad to hear Bella Santorum is recovering. @RickSantorum has a beautiful family.
He admits his presidency has been flawed...but @BarackObama claims economy is stronger. My interview with @seanhannity discussing this season's @ApprenticeNBC, #TimeToGetTough, the economy and GOP primary. "He makes a mistake "every hour, every day" admits @BarackObama. Watch the clip from my #C21 Super Bowl spot on @AccessHollywood tonight.
"I've got news for President Obama: America is not what's wrong with the world." #TimeToGetTough"Sadly, when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs, @BarackObama has been a total (cont) “It’s sad—truly sad and disgraceful—the way Obama has allowed America to be abused and kicked around (cont) Watch me on @Hannityshow tonight at 9PM ET on @FoxNews.
“We need more grown-ups in Washington, people who will shoot straight and level with the American people.” #TimeToGetTough
My @gretawire interview discussing @IvankaTrump wanting me to run for POTUS, @BarackObama’s SOTU and his China policy My @SquawkCNBC interview from earlier in the week discussing the GOP primary and @newtgingrich's electability Check out this great story from the @WSJ... #trumpvlog My thoughts on the State of the Union address, Apple, and a great @WSJ aLast night in his SOTU, @BarackObama claimed that he is a friend of Israel. Does anyone really believe that.
Keystone pipeline would create 20,000 direct jobs, another 50,000 jobs servicing the pipeline. 700,000 barrels a (cont) After Solyndra, @BarackObama is stil intent on wasting our tax dollars on unproven technologies and risky companies. He must be accountable.
For a president who likes to showcase how hip and tech savvy he is, Obama also appears surprisingly clueless (cont) "Tom Brokaw keeps calling Mitt Romney "George" (Mitt's father). Sadly, time is up for Tom.
"All raising taxes on businesses does is force business owners to lay off employees they can no longer afford." (cont) "People are smaAll I heard in the SOTU was proposals for more govt, more spending and more bureaucrats. Very bad!
My daughter Ivanka thinks I should run for President. Maybe I should listen. It is a shame Keystone wasn't powered by solar panels and wind because then @BarackObama would have wasted billions on it.
A gallon of gas has more than doubled while @BarackObama has been POTUS and he still won't approve Keystone.
It has been 1,000 days since @BarackObama has passed a budget. He continues to spend this country into the ground without any control.
Tonight in his SOTU, @BarackObama won't talk about Keystone. He will continue to dissemble about his record and play class warfare.
"Capitalism requires capital. When government robs capital from investors, it takes away the money that creates (cont) "Look, here's the deal: @BarackObama has been a total disaster. He has spent this country into the ground and (cont) Obama wants Americans to keep buying crude from OPEC who is ripping us off instead of our ally Canada through (cont) Iran is threatening to shut the Strait of Hormuz and @BarackObama won't approve the Keystone pipeline. His energy policy makes America weak.
A tough week was had by@MittRomney, but he's come back from adversity before.
Congratulations to @newtgingrich on a stunning win in South Carolina. All eyes are on Florida now.
China has hacked another US government body. Canada will now sell its oil to China because @BarackObama rejected Keystone. At least China knows a good deal when they see it.
Obama's new campaign ad defends Solyndra The White House should stop publicly pressuring Israel on Iran. Iran's nuclear program is the threat, not Israel's right to self-defense.
"In all my years in business and pa"We have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy." #TimeToGetTough (cont) The law requires individuals pay 15% on carried interest. Why would a potential President pay more than he or she is supposed to?
The national debt continues to rise at record levels and today @BarackObama is in Disney World. He lives in a fantasy.
When will @BarackObama release his transcripts? What is he hiding?
Playing politics with the Keystone decision? @BarackObama vetos 20,000 jobs and cheaper oil.
Texas is lucky to have him--- @GovernorPerry is a great guy!
"Our country has a big heaConservatives have to be sma"A tough negotiator can make the Chinese back off. We've done it before." #TimeToGetTough Rick Perry--a good man, a great family and a patriot.
My @FoxNews with @gretawire discussing the Keystone pipeline, Re-election is more impo“The problem is that we have a president who is more concerned with pursuing some so“China presents three big threats to the United States in its outrageous currency manipulation, its systematic (cont) “To state the obvious, if any business operated the way the government does, it would go under.” #TimeToGetTough
Receiving @AmericanCancer Lifetime Achievement Award & chairing @FollowLola debut @CarnegieHall on Jan.19 There are 11 more Solyndras in the @BarackObama energy program I bought Tim Tebow's jersey and helmet at auction for a good cause- fighting breast cancer “Get it straight: Pakistan is not our friend. We’ve given them billions and billions of dollars, and what (cont) “@BarackObama may have been a good ‘community organizer,’ but the man is a lousy international dealmaker.” #TimeToGetTough
"Rosie O'Donnell's show is "dead"- can't keep going for long with such poor ratings. @Rosie is a stone cold (cont) #trumpvlog The Republicans must defeat @BarackObama, not themselves..... Newly released documents show Geithner to be laughing as the financial crisis loomed The Republicans should NOT give @BarackObama the authority to raise the debt another $1.2Trillion (cont) While @BarackObama is slashing the military, he is also negotiating with our sworn enemy the Taliban--who facilitated 9/11.
"For too long we've been pushed around, used by other countries, and ill-served by politicians in Washington who (cont) "The American work ethic is what led generations of Americans to create our once prosperous nation." (cont) "I love America. And when you love something you protect it passionately--fiercely, even. #TimeToGetTough (cont) Our Marines are sent to kill the Taliban not coddle them. USMC should be praised not investigated. Semper Fi !
Newt attacks on @MittRomney record at Bain an attack on free enterprise and entrepreneurship. Mistake!
An Iranian nuclear scientist's car exploded in Tehran yesterday--lots of problems to come--@BarackObama --we need real leadership.
The US is always getting ripped off! China gets cheap oil from Iran and Iraq as US pays for Hormuz Patrols to (cont) With unempoyment over 10% in 2009, @BarackObama held an extravagant Alice in Wonderland paAmerica deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our Armed Forces face in our (cont) If you stop by Trump Tower (Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets) you can buy a pre-signed copy of #TimeToGetTough.
51% of @JonHuntsman's NH voters are satisfied with @BarackObama as president "A real president should take pride in saving and spending your money wisely, not funneling it to his cronies (cont) "President Reagan had it right: Social Security is here to stay. We must root out the fraud and make it more (cont) OPEC has just raised oil to over $102/Barrel. And @BarackObama still won't approve the Keystone Pipeline. Does he want high gas prices?
Why are we building a $1Billion embassy in Iraq when the country kicked us out, didn't give us any oil & is about to get taken over by Iran?
3 Chief of Staffs in less than 3 years of being President: PaNew Hampshire has a major decision to make today. Hopefully we won't have to hear any more Mandarin spoken in future debates.
This is why @TimTebow is a winner. He lays everything out on the field. He never quits and never gives up. That's why he is a success.
The damage that Democrats, weak Repubicans, and this disaster of a president have inflicted on America has put (cont) "We need a president who knows how to get things done, who can keep America strong, safe, and free, and who can (cont) "Restoring American wealth will require that we get tough. The next president must understand that America's (cont) My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire where I discuss my potential GOP endorsement and the NH primary ObamaCare is such a national treasure that @BarackObama has waived over 1,200 companies from the law Priorities: @BarackObama wants to slash a Trillion dollars from military spending while raising the salaries of (cont) ??? @BarackObama held a raffle with donors for a lunch in the White House. The winners were conveniently all (cont) "Sadly, when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs, Obama has been a total disaster." #TimeToGetTough
Instead of creating new jobs, Obamacare is destroying jobs. And the worst paMy @foxandfriends interview from this morning "Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does, it slows growth and kills jobs." #TimeToGetTough
Be sure to watch my interview on @Gretawire tonight!
AMAZING - @BarackObama has actually found a government program he can cut in half - the Defense Depa"Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery - "Huntsman goes Donald Trump" Now @BarackObama is planning to have we the taxpayers pay off mo"Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take decisive action." #TimeToGetTough"
If other countries benefit from our armed forces protecting them, those countries should pay for the protection." #TimeToGetTough
People who have the ability to work should. But with the government happy to send checks, too many of them don't." #TimeToGetTough
President @BarackObama's vacation is costing taxpayers millions of dollars----Unbelievable!
China is driving the price of gold up in order to ease pressure against Iranian sanctions. The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice begins Feb. 12--be prepared for the best season yet! "If Americans understood just how many hidden government fees and taxes are absorbed into the prices of the (cont) "Beyond simple justice, and beyond reducing our national debt, another advanage of taking the oil is that it (cont) "Obama's plan to have Russia stand up to Iran was a horrible failure that turned America into a laughingstock." #TimeToGetTough"
My @todayshow interview where I reveal the new cast of Celebrity Apprentice and discuss the GOP primary field Iran has warned the US not to send an aircraft carrier back into the Strait of Hormuz. We should send three as a (cont) "Michelle Obama likes to be addressed as "Your Excellency."Nobody cares" about the Iowa straw poll is what @JonHuntsman said yesterday. His problem is that nobody cares about his campaign (or him)."
Celebrity Apprentice continues to be a top ten trend on twitter this morning Michele Bachmann just dropped out of prez race--- when she didn't do the Newsmax debate it showed great disloyalty and people rejected her.
We left Iraq and it is quickly falling apa"If history teaches us anything, it's that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national (cont) "I have so much admiration and respect for the 2.4 million men and women of our Armed Forces." #TimeToGetTough"
Under President @BarackObama, China has experienced unusually fast gains and America unusually fast losses." #TimeToGetTough
He should be ignored: @RonPaul's foreign policy is a dream come true for our enemies. He has zero chance to beat @BarackObama.
Michele Bachmann got less than 1,200 more votes in the Caucus than she did in the Ames Straw Poll. Very sad for her--a nice woman!
Congratulations to @RickSantorum for coming out of Iowa a winner!
Another @BarackObama investment triumph--the $500Billion American funded Finnish plug in cars are all being recalled "I am honored that Texas suppoHe knows he won't have to spend much: @JonHuntsman has offered to match any donation dollar for dollar.
A good friend: @SarahPalinUSA. More impoWhat's with this rap stuff with me and Ebenezer Scrooge? Michele Bachmann will finish dead last tonight in Iowa because she is disloyal and a terrible boss. Sadly, it is over for Michele.
To have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system" #TimeToGetTough
The Wall Street Journal has repo"The Democrats' solution is the same solution they have for everything--tax, tax, tax. Just one problem: it doesn't work" #TimeToGetTough
I will be on the @todayshow tomorrow morning to make a major announcement about a television show. Stay tuned!
My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire discussing the GOP primary, my 2012 options and why @BarackObama must lose "My @foxandfriends interview discussing the "Make America Great Again" Texas filing and the Iowa caucus Have a happy, successful and healthy New Year!
When it comes to money, finance and even life, PROTECT THE DOWNSIDE AND THE UPSIDE WILL TAKE CARE OF ITSELF!
Make sure to have fun and celebrate NYE with friends and family. Happy New Year everyone!
“Tomorrow is the first blank page of a 365-page book. Write a good one.” — @BradPaisley
Bring in 2014 @TrumpSoHo's NYE soireé -- NYC's most exclusive New Year's Eve PaSpend your last day of 2013 contemplating the moves you will make in 2014 to make it your best year ever!
The con aWhat the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING. The planet is freezing, the ice is building and the G.W. scientists are stuck-a total con job
Entrepreneurs – be tough, resolute &amp, trustwo“No one remembers who came in second.” - Walter Hagen
“The more predictable the business, the more valuable it is. Predictability also means consistency of brand experience.” - Midas Touch
Congratulations to @woodyjohnson4 and @nyjets on yesterday's very exciting game.
Cover your bases--know everything you can about what you're doing. Keep your focus by being well informed on a daily basis.
Ask yourself, "Is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit.
Be tough, be focused. There are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared for them.
"@alefx33: Nelson Mandela and @realDonaldTrump two world's leaders Temperature at record lows in many paIn the upcoming New Year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total VICTORY in all we do!
We're coming up on the NEW YEAR-It is really impoThe global warming scientists don't want to be airlifted off the ship-they are having too much fun and that is too simple a solution-FAME!
We should be focused on clean and beautiful air-not expensive and business closing GLOBAL WARMING-a total hoax!
The rescue icebreaker, trying to free the ship of the GLOBAL WARMING scientists, has turned back-the ice is massive (a record). IRONIC!
Will be working with contractors at Trump National Doral in Miami today.
Via @shinysheet: "Mar-a-Lago to host top equestrian jumpers: Trump Invitational will benefit 90 area charities." "Be on time. Wasting other people's time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression." - Think Like a Champion
It is really too bad that the scientists studying GLOBAL WARMING in Antarctica got stuck on their icebreaker because of massive ice and cold
#TBT With Barbara Walters on my helicopter going somewhere. Thank you to @AmSpec &amp, Jeffrey Lord for the lovely aCelebrating New Year's Eve in the Windy City? Join @TrumpChicago for the chic &amp, elegant Cirque Soiree Celebration "Do your homework. Wasting other people's time due to poor planning will only leave a bad impression."- Think Like a Billionaire"
O.K., Christmas is over, now we can all go back to the wars of life. Focus, focus, focus-never accept defeat -push hard for total victory!
I hope everybody is having a FANTASTIC Christmas! No matter how tough things may seem remember that you will ride it out &amp, go on to victory!
The new Pope is a humble man, very much like me, which probably explains why I like him so much!
Merry Christmas, have an amazing day!
Without passion you don't have energy, and without energy, you don't have anything!
“Push yourself again and again. Don't give an inch until the final buzzer sounds.” - Larry Bird
I could fix existing Tappan Zee Bridge for peanuts. UnfoI'd like to wish all of my friends--and even my many enemies--a very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
Entrepreneurs: Put everything you've got into what you're doing. Be totally focused--nothing should be haphazard.
Entrepreneurs: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
Entrepreneurs: Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious. See yourself as victorious--which means never giving up.
ALWAYS TRY TO LEARN FROM OTHER PEOPLES MISTAKES, NOT YOUR OWN - IT IS MUCH CHEAPER THAT WAY!
SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE!
Did you ever not do something that had you done it would have turned out to be a disaster. Never look back, just learn from your experience!
Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effoEntrepreneurs: Be ready for problems--you'll have them every day. Keep open to new ideas--that's where innovation begins.
 @ZootmanTom @realDonaldTrump love your words of wisdom. Merry Christmas &amp, happy new year" Thanks.
#3. Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
#2. Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
#1. Keep the big picture in mind. There are always oppo"@CitizenZeroLand: @realDonaldTrump Yo, bro, you rock! Fo real." Very cool, thanks!"
Will be on Fox &amp, Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00 - hope you enjoy!
#HasJustineLandedYet- Justine, what the hell are you doing, are you crazy? Not nice or fair! I will suppo@HerschelWalker GREAT interview with Tim McCarver! Have a fantastic Christmas and New Year.
The Herschel Walker interview on The Tim McCarver Show was fantastic-much can be learned from watching. Congrats to Herschel and Tim!
With the very dangerous carjacking epidemic going on, especially in New York and New Jersey, you would be lucky to have a gun for protection
I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami today to check out the brand new and just opened BLUE MONSTER and the spectacular driving range.
It was 25 years ago today that Pan Am flight 103 was downed by a terrorist killing 270 innocent people. @AlexSalmond released the terrorist!
Remember, THE HARDER YOU WORK, THE LUCKIER YOU GET!
"@tschumann8: I hate everything that @realDonaldTrump says/does for the most pa"@Phyneguy2013: I have always been a strong follower of your teachings. I don't know why u have sta"@theehayleymarie: Few things in life are as wonderful as my @realDonaldTrump mattress. It's like laying on a cloud. #heavenly" By Se"@cynstweet: @realDonaldTrump Wrapping the @realDonaldTrump collection shi"@_JcouFernando, thank you for the GREAT review of The Blue Monster in South Florida Golf-especially top 10 in the WORLD. I love @SOFLAGOLF!
I had a lot of fun answering your questions in the latest round of #AskTheDonald. See if your question made it- If you don't believe in yourself, no one else will.
Personally, I think Douglas Durst's brother got screwed by Douglas--no wonder he's angry.
.@AGSchneiderman Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the Freedom Tower to get out of a lease with Conde Nast?
.@Richard_Meier, a highly overrated architect, has had many problems with buildings he has designed.
Secret Service members on break from Obama’s $4M vacation are more than welcomed to relax at Hawaii’s top hotel @TrumpWaikiki.
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediately--because he is being looked at!
Guess what, folks--the ObamaCare website just went down again. What a disaster.
If you can’t adapt to new situations then you will never be successful. Every change is a new oppo“Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.” - Babe Ruth
It’s Friday. How many people have been forced off their plans and lost their doctors today because of ObamaCare?
Trump National Hudson Valley's 7,693 yd, par 72 course features one of the country's great golf courses. Packed with holiday celebrations, members &amp, staff are enjoying the first Christmas season at @Trump_Charlotte Rated Toronto's #1 hotel, @TrumpTO has 261 guest rooms &amp, suites furnished in elegant, cosmopolitan style. "@surferev: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpGolfDC new course layout is unbelievable. 7800 yds long enough for the PGA or what??" Thank you!"
White House relaxes penalty for canceled health policies, a major blow to the sustainability (and concept) of ObamaCare! They are desperate
If you fail once, twice, three times, it doesn't matter. Learn from your mistakes and push forward to VICTORY-the sweetest feeling there is!
“Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points.” - Knute Rockne
ObamaCare Horror Story: “Navigators Tell Applicants To Lie Like Administration” Can’t fool Americans. 57% of uninsured hate ObamaCare Young Entrepreneurs – the Holiday season is here but that is no excuse not to stay on top of your business prospects. Focus!
A really nice aEvery day Pastor Saeed is imprisoned by Iran is an indictment on Obama’s ‘diplomacy.’ #SaveSaeed
Pres. Obama is about to embark on a 17 day vacation in his ‘native’ Hawaii, putting Secret Service away from families on Christmas. Aloha!
No cuts to welfare, no cuts to food stamps &amp, NOT A SINGLE CUT TO OBAMACARE, yet the new budget cuts military benefits. Sad!
#TBT Taking piano lessons from my friend Elton John. I am so honored by all the great NY State Repubs who came to my office, called &amp, wrote for me to run for Governor. If I do, I will win.
New York Republican leader @EdwardFCox is pushing my friend @RobAstorino into political suicide. Results won’t be pleasant!
Enough about my ties etc. @Macys, but they are doing really big numbers - people love them (and @Macys loves Trump)!
"@TheChrisRooney: @realDonaldTrump my bro lives at your Charlotte prope"@josh_hlbrk: @realDonaldTrump If you keep tweeting Macy's adveI like Rob Astorino. He's a friend and really good guy. Sadly, he has ZERO chance of beating Cuomo and the 2 to 1 Dems for governor!
Go to Macy's today and buy Trump ties, shiThe coolest story is that John Beale, the man who headed up CLIMATE CHANGE for the government, is a proven con man and total phoney.ARRESTED
The more time you spend feeling sorry for yourself, the more time you waste after a setback. Move on and quickly embrace the next challenge!
I just left the Trump Tower atrium--it is packed with great people. #1 tourist attraction in NYC-- Fun! #TrumpTower
For all of those that think life is easy &amp, don’t want to work, remember: HOPE IS THE POOR MAN’S BREAD.
Alternatives are impoThe Trump Signature Collection is the best menswear design for young entrepreneurs. Great style &amp, design exclusively available @Macys.
“If you want the best, you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” – Think Like a Billionaire
“You can attack, defend, counterattack, sell or ignore. ”-Roger Ailes to Pres. Reagan during prep for 2nd Mondale debate/ '84 election
I have never met a successful person that was a quitter. Successful people never, ever, give up!
FRACK NOW &amp, FRACK FAST!!! American prosperity depends on it. Our economic renaissance is here.
Benghazi is now a full blown training center for jihadists "@GolfweekMag's "Best @GolfweekPhotos of 2013": Donald Trump at @TrumpDoral ObamaCare Story of the Day: “Florida Cancer Patient Loses Insurance During Treatment B/C of ObamaCare” 2013 is the worst year ever for Hollywood. Garbage released after garbage. What is going on in these studios?!
“Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones.” - Theodore Roosevelt
Unsustainable. With our $17T debt &amp, $90T in unfunded liabilities, government “blatantly” wasted $30B this year When @crowleyCNN defended Obama on Benghazi in the presidential debate, she was defending a complete lie Congrats to Pres.Obama on having 3 of @washingtonpost's “biggest Pinocchios of the year” No better place to celebrate New Year’s Eve than @TrumpSoHo, the most elite hotel in downtown NYC Prime Minister @David_Cameron is very foolish in giving @AlexSalmond so much money to build wind turbines which r destroying Scotland.
Under President Obama, do you think America will become a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY?
Who thinks that President Obama is totally incompetent?
Wow, a really great review of my golf club in Scotland, @TrumpScotland, in todaysgolferco.uk. Thank you! “Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today’s world.” – Think Like a Champion
Wow, just in-John Beale, the top person in government on climate change (EPA), is a total fraud, and just admitted it! What can they say now
We should be focusing on beautiful, clean air &amp, not on wasteful &amp, very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit! China &amp, others are hu"They call it "climate change" now because the words "global warming" didn't work anymore. Same people fighting hard to keep it all going!"
59% of the United States, by area, is now covered in snow-highest % in many years. The "global warming" name isn't working anymore-SORRY!
Wow, it's snowing in Isreal and on the pyramids in Egypt. Are we still wasting billions on the global warming con? MAKE U.S. COMPETITIVE!
President Obama and other world leaders don't know how close they were to being seriously injured (or worse) standing next to psycho in SA.
"@JoshinAk: @BillyHallowell I just bought one of his shiThe United States is experiencing the coldest weather in decades with vast amounts of snow blanketing many states.Pendulum has swung to cool
I really like Nelson Mandela but South Africa is a crime ridden mess that is just waiting to explode-not a good situation for the people!
“Is business success a natural talent? I think it’s a combination of aptitude, work and luck.” – Think Like a Champion
The evidence continues to mount against lightweight @AGSchneiderman. It is time for JCOPE and Moreland Commissions to act.
Via @gatewaypundit: “Please Pray for Me... I Am Losing My Insurance” Now Sebelius is “'urging' insurers to cover people who haven't paid” The ill-conceived windfarm that @AlexSalmond is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it!
If Graydon CaBird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen got delayed by at least two years.@AlexSalmond forced the failing developers to delay!
The talk in Albany is that JCOPE &amp, Moreland Commissions are taking my complaint against lightweight (cont) Sources inside @AGSchneiderman’s office are saying that they are very concerned with the allegations against their lightweight boss.
My complaint against @AGSchneiderman is a “case study” for JCOPE &amp, Moreland Commissions on everything that is wrong with NYS politics.
Economics behind ugly, bird killing wind turbines do not work--will destroy Scotland's beautiful coastline. (cont) Can you believe that the corrupt and pathetic South Africa police force has yet to arrest the sign language guy. Such danger-give 10 years!
What a sad thing that the memory of Nelson Mandela will be stained by the phoney sign language moron who is in every picture at funeral!
How amazing, the State Health Director who verified copies of Obama’s “biI hope you all are looking at the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection of ties, shiExciting news—After massive construction, the Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is open for business today. A $1.5B website that can only handle 50K users at a time is sad but no surprise!
Our prayers are with Rev. @BillyGraham for a speedy recovery. His faith continues to inspire us all.
"Via @PatheosFamily by @BristolsBlog: "Trump Weighs In on Saeed: Obama 'Didn’t Even Ask'" Had dinner last night at Megu, 845 United Nations Plaza--fabulous food, beautiful restaurant.
"Via @ChristianPost "@NaghmehAbedini to Testify at New Congressional Hearing on Persecution of Pastor Saeed Abedini" Via @theblaze by @BillyHallowell:“DONALD TRUMP BLASTS OBAMA FOR FAILING TO SECURE CHRISTIAN PASTOR’S FREEDOM IN IRAN” This is one of the COLDEST WINTERS ever, freezing all over the country for long periods of time! So much for GLOBAL WARMING.
I will be on Piers Morgan Live tonight at 9 p.m. on CNN. Tune in!
The atrium of @TrumpTowerNY dressed up for Christmas- "@marianne_hund thank you for helping free Saeed Abedini. I pray God blesses you and that a Christmas miracle is in the works!" Thx"
Why does Conde Nast allow dopey Graydon CaPresident Obama's approval rating, at 38%, is at an all-time low. Gee, I wonder why?
It's amazing how badly the Knicks and Nets are playing. Everybody predicted they would be top teams with all of the money spent. Too bad!
Great going to all of Dubai in winning what will be a fantastic #Expo2020 - we will all be there!
Via @ACLJ: "Pastor Saeed's Wife Expresses Gratitude to Donald Trump for Raising Her Husband's Plight" "@borland_jim After staying at the Trump International Hotel and Tower in NYC everything else seems subpar." Thank you.
Re Kerry admitting to “working” for Pastor Abedini’s release--why has US already released Iranian spies &amp, nuclear scientist? Dumb!
.@JohnKerry claims he has "never stopped working” f/Pastor Abedini’s release through “back channels." Where are the results?
After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.-- Nelson Mandela
A beautiful view from my office today- “Know from the inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will.” – Think Like a Champion
.@MarkHalperin’s and John Heilemann’s book, Double Down, is an excellent read on the just passed election. Great book, congrats! @jheil
Come on MLB, do the right thing! Let @PeteRose_14 into the Hall. No drugs—just hard work and talent!
Great meeting with @NaghmehAbedini the wonderful wife of Christian Pastor Saeed, who is in Iranian prison. #savesaeed Illegal use of official Attorney General stationary by lightweight @AGSchneiderman. Via @worldnetdaily by @MichaelCarl7: “Trump: Obama blew chance to free U.S. pastor” Iran must immediately allow Christian #PastorSaeed out of prison or we should put back sanctions (which should never have been lifted)
Naghmeh Abedini, the lovely wife of the Christian Pastor Saeed being held in an Iranian jail, just left my office. #savesaeed
State Senator Shirley Huntley "ratted" on black politicians &amp, was believed--when she ratted on @AGSchneiderman, nobody listened. Racism!
Major League Baseball: The best thing you can do is let @PeteRose_14---your all time hits leader---into the Hall of Fame. It's time!
If Graydon CaThe ill-conceived windfarm that @AlexSalmond is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it!
“You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the faBird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen just got delayed by at least two years.@AlexSalmond forced the failing developers to delay!
WH claims it lied about Pres. Obama living with his uncle b/c “wasn’t mentioned in his book.” I guess Bill Ayers never knew about it!
Where’s the leadership? Obama only met with Sebelius ONCE since ObamaCare passed Graydon CaIt’s time for @PeteRose_14 to enter @MLB’s @BaseballHall. All time hits leader has paid the price.
Congrats to @JoeTorre, @TonyLaRussa &amp, Bobby Cox on all being unanimously elected to @MLB’s @BaseballHall! Great leaders &amp, managers.
As always &amp, due to popular demand,@TrumpRink will be open Christmas eve &amp, day as well as New Year's eve &amp, day “Learn, know, and show. It’s a proven formula. Put it to use sta"@wakafee1017 @realDonaldTrump Everyone should look at what he has done &amp, take notes if you want to be successful." Thx"
“Courageous people do not fear forgiving, for the sake of peace.” – Nelson Mandela
Via @bluegreentweet: "Scottish wind farm opposed by Donald Trump delayed"@discretepi4you @foxandfriends I look forward to your segment every week. Clear, concise and common sense!" Thanks.
Just read @PiersMorgan’s book “Shooting Straight” and whether you love him or hate him (I’m in the first category), it is terrific.
Just left Florida, amazing how well State is doing-- jobs way up, taxes down. Congrats to @FLGovScott
I really enjoy doing @foxandfriends every Monday at 7 AM. @sdoocy, @ehasselbeck and @kilmeade are great people.
The Unaffordable Care Act, sometimes referred to as ObamaCare, is not working. Millions of people are losing their plans and doctors-fraud!
Obama said he never met his uncle, Oscar, who was arrested for whatever. Turns out he lived with his uncle in Boston. SO MANY LIES!
"@CONKJR: did you tour @TrumpGolfLA. One of the best golf courses in the world with one of the best supers in Ma@VanityFair Wow, I just looked at the circulation numbers - Vanity Fair Magazine won't be around much longer, it's really in bad shape!
Just got back to New York from California. Will be on Fox &amp, Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. ObamaCare and other disasters to be discussed
P.S. - There is also something really good to say about humility. Being confident and humble is a great combination, maybe the best of all!
People are always asking me about the very special word, CONFIDENCE. The fact is there is (almost) nothing like it. Is derived from winning!
Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser - having a healthy ego, or high opinion of yourself, is a real positive in life!
In making big money, knowledge is far more impoMy father Fred Trump left me a relatively small amount of money (compared to where I am today-over $10 billion) but vast amount of knowledge
"@MissUniversNEWS: Miss Universe 2012 @oliviaculpo with the boss @realDonaldTrump during #MissUniverse2013 #ThrowBack Don't underestimate yourself--or your possibilities. There are always oppo“After every setback, sta@trumthomp Thanks.
My shiIt's Friday. How much money has been wasted on defunct ObamaCare website today?
The now $1.2B ObamaCare website is as bad as ever-- insurers not getting the proper data. Looking forward to hosting @NaghmehAbedini next week @TrumpTowerNY. The White House has abandoned her husband, Christian Pastor Abedini.
Iran has never had a better friend than Obama.
Steps away from Waikiki's famous beaches, @TrumpWaikiki is Hawaii’s top destination w/our signature amenities Trump Tower at Century City brings luxury to Makati, the financial &amp, social capital of Philippines .@BillBratton was a great choice for NYC Police Commissioner. He will make us proud, and safe!
We should be focused on magnificently clean and healthy air and not distracted by the expensive hoax that is global warming!
"@HHShkMohd: To all people in the UAE: your suppo@Nicole_Tri16 @TrumpTowerNY Thank you.
"@happypaultk @realDonaldTrump look what heavy winds did to one of our Scottish wind turbines" It always seems impossible until it is done. --Nelson Mandela
A good head and a good heaNelson Mandela and myself had a wonderful relationship--he was a special man and will be missed. "You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else." -- AlbeLeaving today for California to inspect my fantastic golf course &amp, club on the Palos Verdes peninsula. Big success. Why is it that when Warren Buffett uses the bankruptcy laws to his benefit, nobody cares, but with me they go nuts!
Off shore windfarms being abandoned in droves throughout world—too expensive to build &amp, operate—don’t work. (cont) .@VattenfallGroup wants out of their Aberdeen windfarm fiasco so badly but @AlexSalmond won’t let them—he’s (cont) .@VattenfallGroup couldn’t sell its money losing Aberdeen windfarm—so @AlexSalmond forced phony extension. @AberdeenCC @Aberdeenshire
"The problem w/ the concept of "global warming" is that the U.S. is spending a foWow, record setting cold temperatures throughout large paOur billion dollar website- A special message for MaCongrats to @msnbc for firing MaSleazebag @BashirLive has just been forced to resign from @msnbc. His pathetic apology wasn’t enough to save his job. @SarahPalinUSA
I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell." --Harry S. Truman
To become a champion, fight one more round." -- James J. Corbett, long ago Heavyweight Champion
Those who lack courage will always find a philosophy to justify it." -- Albe"@dsing33: @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump who will run the Trump empire when Trump Sr is president?
Denver, Minnesota and others are bracing for some of the coldest weather on record. What are the global warming geniuses saying about this?
“The road to Easy Street goes through the sewer.” – John Madden
There are no shoNew reality. Yuan just passed the Euro as 2nd most traded finance currency "With few exceptions, only really sma"@lloyd156_: @realDonaldTrump doesnt give a fuck, he just tells it like it is lol LEGEND" A very honest person, thanks!"
I just filed a major ethics complaint against crooked New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman-he should resign from office!
Too bad about New York Magazine, but there's a much bigger one out there, currently doing a story on me to get even, that I'll soon discuss!
President Obama played golf yesterday???
Remember I predicted that New York Magazine would fold and people scoffed? Just announced (N.Y.Post) it lost big $'s &amp, is cutting way back!
“If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - John Wooden
Here we go again via @timesunion.com "@StephenWancha @realDonaldTrump @TrumpCollection great to see you building more in Canada!!!" Thanks."
“Build your reputation on intelligence, responsibility, and results. That’s building the right way.” – Think Like a Champion
Congratulations to the White House. For every 1 ObamaCare enrollment there are 44 cancellation notices. Very unfair!
Dying @GQMagazine just named me to a list. Too bad GQ is no longer relevant—won’t be around long!
Many great business campaigns at @fundanything A fine man, Dr. Paul F. Crouch, has just passed away. All Christians are grateful for his wonderful life and work. @TBN
The least number of hurricanes in the U.S. in decades. So they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
"@skew11: I hope and know @realDonaldTrump will win in couThat was a great football game.
Just left $259 million rebuilding of Doral in Miami. Amazing - Trump National Doral will be a masterpiece (if I do say so myself)!
Today is the day that ObamaCare website was supposed to be up and working. WRONG-website is closed down, a total disaster! 90 million doomed
Offshore Wind in Europe: Lessons for the U.S. "@windwatchorg: No more wind turbines, county tells province:Wind farm developers should look elsewhere than Duffe... "@faykellytuncay: LORDS OF WINDFARMS: How Britain’s richest landowners are making millions from turbines "@noturbine: Turbines will also kill more birds than developer will admit to &amp, ruin lives of folks living close &amp, not reduce CO2
First Minister Salmond should stop his fruitless drive for obsolete wind turbines in Scotland-he would become popular again! @alexsalmond
Trump International in Dubai will be one of the great projects anywhere in the world. Congratulations to @damacofficial for their genius!
Congratulations to Dubai on winning the rights to host Expo 2020! A great place winning a major global event.@damacofficial @dubaiexpo2020
My ties, shiWork begins on the Old Post Office in Washington D.C. in 3 months. It will soon become one of the great hotels of the world.
I am in Miami at Trump National Doral. Just gave out contract to build a new ballroom and luxury suites. Blue Monster complete-opens Dec 14.
"@RSPBScotland: Thanks to everyone suppoHAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE, ENJOY YOUR DAY!
I truly believe that our country has the worst and dumbest negotiators of vi"Can you believe that "President" Karzai of Afghanistan is holding out for more, more, more and refuses to sign deal. Tell him to go to hell!"
Despite the fact that I have had great success with the words YOU'RE FIRED, I do not like firing people. But ZERO on ObamaCare mess-no way!
Why doesn't President Obama simply apologize for telling a big fat lie, announce that ObamaCare was a mistake, and deal a really great plan!
US froze $8B in Iranian assets during ’79 Hostage Crisis. Now Obama is giving it back to Iran while Christian Pastor is jailed. Don't do it!
Happy Thanksgiving to all--even the haters and losers!
Tell Iran to let our Christian Pastor go--and I mean right now. If they don't, there will be hell to pay.
Make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. It is a special time. Love and appreciate your family.
The $1B failed website is the tip of the iceberg on the ObamaCare. Over 90 million estimated will lose their plans next year.
Iranian officials say that the WH is misleading public about the details of an interim nuclear agreement" War on the families. Price of electricity hit record high in October Reigning @ApprenticeNBC Champion @TraceAdkins does great work with @wwpinc. Donate to an Injured Warrior today "Via @MoscowTimes: "Donald Trump in New @eminofficial Video" "Come celebrate Thanksgiving in the Windy City at @TrumpChicago’s 5 Star, 5 Diamond "Sixteen" restaurant "@jeffbuehrle @realDonaldTrump @Macys Really like the ties. Have a handful and they are my favorite." Use them well!
"Via @worldnetdaily: "JAILED U.S. PASTOR'S WIFE PRAISES TRUMP: 'I hope more people like him will speak out'" Mr. President, tell Iran to immediately free the CHRISTIAN PASTOR, as a sign of good faith, &amp, if they refuse break off talks--big sanctions
President Obama said, over and over again, if you like your plan, you can keep your plan, PERIOD! This turned out to be a total lie-90 mill.
Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
Look great for Thanksgiving. Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys, offers top men's styles How does Obama rationalize giving Iran $8B in sanction relief when a Christian pastor is being toWind Power Company Fined $1 Million for Killing Birds. Golden eagles among victims...We enjoy hosting tourists in @TrumpTowerNY. They come from all over the world to see the Atrium, a NYC landmark. When do we sue the company-- for billions-- that robbed us in creating the hapless ObamaCare website?
I can't believe no one has been fired over the ObamaCare website fiasco!
In Vegas? Enjoy Thanksgiving in @TrumpLasVegas' DJT lounge where the @nfl games will be playing all day Wind Power Company Fined $1 Million for Killing Birds. Golden eagles among victims...Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to eaI will be in Palm Beach, Jupiter, and Miami today checking on big construction projects. I love Florida and love on time and on budget const
President Obama is finally getting hammered, even by his most loyal suppoNew poll, WOW-53% say President Obama is not honest &amp, trustwoJust got home, watching the news, and every story is bad about the U.S. Someday we will return to being great again, but we need leadership!
“The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.” – The AWhy didn't Obama, as paObama is going to take away over 90M Americans’ healthcare plans but he is letting Iran keep its nukes. Just think about that.
Who would you rather have negotiating with Iran--President Obama or Toronto Mayor Ford? My money is on Ford.
Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effoDon't underestimate yourself or your possibilities--keep your focus intact, and focus on the positives.
After settling for a ridicilous 13 billion dollars, J.P.Morgan's lawyer is critical of the amount of the fine-why did they settle then-DUMB!
Best book ever on dealmaking (or so they say) - TRUMP: THE AI know it has been many years since our country made great deals, but isn't it about time we staThe reason great dealmakers do not OPENLY celebrate a deal, especially one that is not complete, is that it shows weakness to the other side
John Kerry is openly celebrating the tenuous nuclear deal with Iran. Great dealmakers do not celebrate deals,they just go on to the next one
Tom Brady is a good friend of mine, a great player, a great guy and a total winner! Fantastic comeback win-this is what our country needs!
Tom Brady has done a great job tonight-amazing New England comeback. Good game- not over yet!
We had all the leverage in our nuclear negotiations with Iran and our leaders foolishly decided to let them out of the trap. WHY?
“He who defends everywhere, defends nowhere.” – Sun Tzu
How much longer are we expected to put up with the world's most incompetent leader - ObamaCare, Iran, Syria, bads deals. JUST NEVER ENDS
I will be on Fox &amp, Friends tomorrow morning at 7. Will be discussing basic stupidity and incompetence, of which our "leaders" have plenty!
I do not understand how so many of my Jewish friends backed Obama in the last election. He is a TOTAL DISASTER FOR ISRAEL-AND ALWAYS WILL BE
How far has the United States gone down when we are reduced to accept the imbecilic deal just agreed to with Iran. Read THE AWhat a rotten deal we made with Iran. We get nothing (except laughter at our stupidity). They get everything, including delay and big cash!
They changed the name global warming to climate change because the concept of global warming just wasn't working!
The people that gave you global warming are the same people that gave you ObamaCare!
"@mikehaas33: @realDonaldTrump mar a lago a spectacular propeSnow and ice, freezing weather, in Texas, Arizona and Oklahoma - what the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING?
Get smaThe scum that gets high on badly huWe are using the absolute wrong negotiating technique with respect to the Iran nuclear talks. Strengthen sanctions until GREAT deal is made!
Young entrepreneurs – keep positive. Don’t let the ObamaCare disaster stop your endeavors. There are great oppo@Pattycake77777 Happy BiIt’s Friday. How many millions has the White House wasted on the ObamaCare website today?
Republicans have the right approach to ObamaCare – let it fail. Free market solutions will be embraced by Americans in 2016.
Such a nice aThomas Jefferson wrote the Senate filibuster rule. Harry Reid &amp, Obama killed it yesterday. Rule was in effect for over 200 years.
Since the Democrats decided to kill the filibuster, they now own it.Republicans should keep the new rule when they're in the majority.
"Hypocrite. Watch Senator Obama defend "democratic debate' of Senate filibuster rules in 2005 If JP Morgan took their case through the couLightweight shakedown aFor all those sick degenerates contemplating a knockout attack, please remember the late, great Charles Bronson-no more crime!
Weak newscasters are asking "is there a racial component to knockout attacks?" Of course there is and weakness will only make it worse!
If you are lucky enough to catch a knockout assaulter before getting slugged, and you carry a gun, shoot the bastard (teach them a lesson)!
Knockout assaults are the new rage by sick and depraved youth. We better staEmails prove WH knew ObamaCare website wouldn't work in October -- why didn't they delay the launch? I answered my @Facebook fans questions via video- watch- 70 stores above Punta Pacifica's pristine peninsula, @TrumpPanama offers fine dining, five pools &amp, luxury rooms Host of the 2017 U.S. Women's Open, Trump Bedminster has been rated one of America's best golf courses.
We have wasted an enormous amount of blood and treasure in Afghanistan. Their government has zero appreciation. Let's get out!
Figure out what really moves you. You've got to have the 'FIRE' in order to have the Midas Touch." -- Midas Touch
Florida Power &amp, Light did a fantastic job of providing service &amp, energy during the big storm in Palm Beach. @insideFPL
Today will be a great day at work - have only one word in mind, VICTORY!
Results are what matter. The bottom line is clearly the bottom line." --Think Like a Champion
If you want to kill any idea in the world, get a committee working on it." -- Charles Kettering
Congrats to Congress on their 112 'gold tier' healthcare plans When Warren Buffett &amp, others play w/ bankruptcy, nobody cares—when Trump plays the game, it becomes a big deal! "Congratulations to @MikeTyson on the success of his new book "Undisputed Truth" &amp, @HBO special--and thanks for the nice words, Mike."
Emin from Russia--a very talented guy. All proceeds go to help the Philippines. @eminofficial #missuniverse Afghanistan leaders want the U.S. to keep 20, 000 troops there for many more years, fully paid for by the U.S., but first they want apology.
If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough." -- Mario Andretti
Work is fun, deals are fun, life is fun - but love of a great family makes it all come together. Go out there and make your family proud.
ALWAYS BORROW MONEY FROM A PESSIMIST BECAUSE HE WILL NEVER EXPECT IT TO BE PAID BACK!
“AdveThe next ObamaCare disaster will be doctors being dropped from plans.
Broken promises. A broken billion dollar website. ObamaCare can’t be fixed. Repeal!
If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough." -- Mario Andretti
Jamie Dimon just gave away $13B to government in settlement. Terrible move &amp, bad precedent. Could have done much better by fighting.
Priorities. While Obama wastes billions on a broken website, he is going to cut military pay Guess who is talking to @MissUniverse at @TrumpTowerNY? Not terrible hair! 64 stories of golden glass over the strip, @TrumpLasVegas’ elite hotel rooms feature floor-to-ceiling windows One of @GolfWorldUS top private clubs, @TrumpNationalNY features a Jim Fazio designed 7,291 yd par 72 course Just as I said last October, census workers cooked the job numbers for Obama right before the election Last October on @meetthepress, @chucktodd attacked @jack_welch and I for saying Obama cooked the job number. Will he apologize?
FLASHBACK - October 9, 2012: “Donald Trump: Jobs Numbers Are 'A Lot Of Monkey Business'” Congratulations to @MariaBaI got George Zimmerman right- watch- "@IanCKeffer: Rocking a @realDonaldTrump brand tie today for good measure. The picture does it no justice. Available @Macys LOOKS GREAT!"
Go to work today, be smaI took some heat a long time ago when I said that George Zimmerman was a sicko and bad news. I know people and this guy is no good-trouble!
The ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the ones who do." -- Steve Jobs
Our heaW/ signature Trump amenities, 5 star rooms &amp, world-class restaurants, @TrumpWaikiki brings excellence to Hawaii The polls have shown that DEAD PEOPLE voted for President Obama overwhelmingly and without hesitation - he must be doing something right!
I will be going to Trump National Doral in Miami early today to check on the construction of the hotel and the new Blue Monster. AMAZING!
How did the NCAA, which is weak and becoming irrelevant, extract such a big &amp, reputation shattering settlement from Penn State. Others zero!
Maybe some of the dead voters who helped get President Obama elected can be brought back to life after signing up for ObamaCare.
The wimps that run Penn State should be forced to resign (and be sued) for the pathetic settlement they made and destruction of great legacy
I wonder if the Rutgers coach who had the audacity to yell at the player is a proponent of global warming?
Football coaches are no longer allowed to scream and yell at their players because it is discriminatory,racist and can be viewed as bullying
I wonder what the late, great Vince Lombardi would say about the Rutgers football player who says he is being bullied because coach yelled?
"@psu_rebot: "@ISaidKnow: AWESOME! The real J.P.Morgan is spinning in his grave at the ridiculous settlements the bank is making to settle disputes. A settler is a soft target
13 BILLION, 4.5 BILLION-these are the stupid settlements that J.P.Morgan just made. Why don't they FIGHT? No wonder they keep getting sued.
"@swetasamota: “Be tough, be sma@gary4205 Thanks Gary.
“Winning is habit. UnfoAgain, more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!
Rumor has it Apple is going to release iPhones with bigger screens. That's good news.
“Be tough, be sma“A true business only exists to solve a problem and to make life better.” – Midas Touch
The only deal the Republicans should accept is a complete repeal of ObamaCare. You have them on the run - don't fold - go for it!
Did President Obama have a rough day yesterday, or what? He has got to staThe cast has been largely selected for next year's Celebrity Apprentice. Wait 'till you hear the names-AMAZING! Season 14-many nights at #1
.@MissUniverse visited my office- tall and beautiful! I'll be on @gretawire On the Record tonight to talk about the ObamaCare fiasco--7 pm on Fox News
Obama friend got a no-bid $635M contract to build website More dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!
Breaking news--negotiations with Iranians broke down because Obama insisted that they use ObamaCare.
"@countrygurl4747: @realDonaldTrump Please run in 2016!!! We need a sma@BretBaier You are doing really great - keep it up (of which I have no doubt).
"ICYMI-- "@MELANIATRUMP Reading newspapers and see... #BillyGraham95 #happybiThe same people that built the ObamaCare website used, as the face of the website, someone who is not a US citizen. Incompetent.
Can you believe it—the model who mysteriously disappeared from the ObamaCare website is not a US citizen—she’s from Colombia.
No matter how far down a path you go, if it's the wrong path, turn around and go back home - before it is too late.
ObamaCare is on LIFE SUPPOPresident Obama is under pressure from Democrats to undo his lie on ObamaCare. His problem is that such a move would end ObamaCare.
ObamaCare is one of the worst political disasters of all time - 4,992,343 AMERICANS LOSING COVERAGE, LESS THAN 50,OOO NEW SIGNUPS.
Everyone should watch the documentary ‘Windfall’ on @netflix. See an upstate NY town ruined by environmentalists &amp, windfarms.
Via @MoscowTimes Donald Trump Planning Skyscraper in Moscow Miss USA pageant had a 4 to 1 vote in favor, but it won't be in Miami Doral in 2014-- Mayor Boria voted against it. I want total suppo@eminofficial Emin, your performance at Miss Universe was fantastic - you are a STAR!
“True courage is being afraid, and going ahead and doing your job anyhow!” - General Norman Schwarzkopf
.@IamStevenT gave one of the greatest endings to a show ever @MissUniverse. Standing ovation!
Happy Veterans Day to ALL, in paWE WILL ONLY BE THE LAND OF THE FREE AS LONG AS WE ARE HOME OF THE BRAVE!
Don't worry, when our country sta"@_maleki_: @realDonaldTrump : Give the people what they want and announce your candidacy for president 2016." Thank you, very nice."
While I was in Moscow I see that President Obsma apologized for his lie, I mean statement, on ObamaCare! How nice of him to be so foThe Republicans must be patient and sma"@el_juino: @realDonaldTrump well i will predict that if u run for president you will win"
If Justice RobeDrew Brees is having a great game - a fantastic quaIf we could force Russia, China and other competitors to use ObamaCare, we would be able to instantly destroy their great economic success!
Remember that I predicted a long time ago that President Obama will attack Iran because of his inability to negotiate properly-not skilled!
I will be on Fox &amp, Friends tomorrow morning at 7.ºº
I just got back from Russia-learned lots &amp, lots. Moscow is a very interesting and amazing place! U.S. MUST BE VERY SMA"@TresCurrie311: @realDonaldTrump trump national in Washington, D.C. looks great. Love what you've done with it" Thank you!"
I was just given a great tour of Moscow - fantastic, hard working people. CITY IS REALLY ENERGIZED! The World will be watching tonight!
I'm in Moscow for Miss Universe tonight - picking a winner is very hard, they are all winners. Total sellout of arena. Big night in Russia!
Leadership: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effoSuccess tip: Be ready for problems, and be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification.
The ObamaCare disaster will increase the amount of uninsured “Don’t toss off your problems, and don’t dwell on them either. Deal with them!” – Think Like a Champion
“Read the Bible. Work hard and honestly. And don't complain.” – Rev. @BillyGraham
Upstate New York needs jobs. Frack Now &amp, Frack Fast! Pay off NY State debt.
We still have not learned the full truth on Benghazi. Four Americans were killed. Congress must act!
At least 3.5M fellow Americans are going to lose their healthcare plans because of ObamaCare. Defund then repeal!
Congratulations to the $1B ObamaCare website on enrolling FOUR in Delaware. Cost to us - $4M Looking forward to attending the GREAT Rev. @BillyGraham’s biHad dinner this week at @MEGUNYC (at Trump World Tower) opposite the United Nations—fantastic food! 212.964.7777
It’s that time of the year. @TrumpRink in Central Park is now open--best rink in the world. My speech at @AmSpec Ba"THEBillMcGee @realDonaldTrump-after a year of wear your shiI will be going to Asheville, NoIf Democrats do not staA level will be reached where ObamaCare will be so out of control, expensive and unwieldy that the biggest suppoPrediction: The disaster known as ObamaCare will only get worse and Republicans will gain far greater power than they have had in years!
Put Kathleen Sebelius out of her misery and lovingly say, YOU'RE FIRED! Let her go home to her family and rest. BRING IN TOP FLIGHT PEOPLE!
She is so sad and pathetic that I almost feel sorry for Sec.Sebelius. She has done great harm to many people and must be fired. Incompetent!
Just sit back and watch, ObamaCare is such a disaster it will fall like a house of broken cards. The website is the best paWhen Obama tried to tweak his previous statement on ObamaCare he made it an even greater lie-even the Senate Democrats are angry with him!
"Brian @kilmeade wrote a wonderful book called "George Washington's Secret Six" that is truly woUse your intelligence and your education to execute what your imagination presents to you. This is one step to becoming an entrepreneur.
Job tip: If you were the employer, what kind of person would you most desire as an employee? Be that person.
Success tip: See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Apply your skills and talent--and be tenacious.
With terrific Steve Wynn at dinner last night. “If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Dese@Rizz_Lizz You're right--doesn't fit my image.
thilan_GolfSwag @realDonaldTrump Played Doral for the first time. absolutely great course! Fantastic job!" Thanks.
“Recognize that the world needs more entrepreneurs. Everyone is counting on you.” – Midas Touch
Our NOBEL PRIZE FOR PEACE president said "I'm really good at killing people" according to just out book Double Down. Can Oslo retract prize?
The truth is that we could have much better healthcare in our country at a much more affordable price - everyone in U.S. would benefit!
Can you believe that the builder of the failed ObamaCare website was just given a new government contract - how stupid is that - CLUELESS!!!
Not only does Obama spy on German leaders, he criticizes their trade surplus The @EricTrumpFdn event featured a performance by #CelebApprentice @JohnRich- a great event for a great cause! Watch- Revisionist history. Now Obama claims he never told us that everyone could keep their healthcare plans. Crazy!
Hitting at home. Democrat Sen. Joe Donnelly’s son had his healthcare plan dropped Sen. @DavidVitter &amp, @David_Bossie w/@seanhannity I hope everybody reads the @AmSpec a"The @AmSpec a"I would gain a whole new respect for President Obama if he would say, "look, we made a big mistake, sorry!" No more lies or deception."
Lies and incompetence - the two words that are most closely associated with ObamaCare!
Wow, just watching the news.ObamaCare and the website are TOTALLY OUT OF CONTROL. Costs are through the roof. This could be ruinous to U.S.!
The ObamaCare website will cost over $1.5B when all is said and done. Crazy!
Hope &amp, Change. Millions are losing their healthcare plans, &amp, ObamaCare is taking cancer patients’ doctors away Beauty arrives to Moscow’s Crocus City Hall this 11.9.! On @nbc, the world will watch @MissUniverse 2013 crowned Everyone is telling me that @EliotSpitzer is going to run against lightweight @AGSchneiderman--Spitzer would win!
Will be on Fox &amp, Friends in five minutes - enjoy and good morning!
Millions losing healthcare plans despite President Obama's promise that this WOULD NOT HAPPEN! What about a massive protest march on D.C.
"Via @IBTimes: "Miss Universe 2013: Contestants Stun in Gorgeous Gowns at National Gift Auction Gala" “Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.” – Think Like a Champion
Located in Tribeca, each @TrumpSoHo hotel room features floor to window ceilings for a view of lower Manhattan “Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself.” - Andrew Carnegie
The bus driver who saved the woman from jumping off the bridge was really cool, great guy. I'm going to send him $10, 000-he deserves it!
"@MaryHukill: @realDonaldTrump The Donald J. Trump shi“Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.” – Conrad Hilton
So we can spy on our ally’s leaders but can’t water board terrorists?
It’s Thursday. @billmaher is still a very dumb guy--just look at his past.
“If you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.” = “I was born in Hawaii.”
Not only did the $1B ObamaCare website not work, it can’t even protect your personal information "@Andigriffin @realDonaldTrump your Las Vegas Hotel is beautiful too!!" Thank you."
Congratulations to Boston on the @RedSox World Series victory. Earned and deserved.
Still looking to give away a RECORD $1M reward on @fundanything for a crowd funding campaign .@TrumpPanama is Panama City’s premiere hotel. 70 stories over Punta Pacifica, excellence has arrived to So. America Gary Sinise is doing tremendous work for veterans through his foundation—check it out @GarySiniseFound
The ObamaCare website is unfixable &amp, rumor has it that they will stop checks &amp, balances—a free-for-all that will cost the country trillions
“Learn, work, and think in equal propo“The best entrepreneurs believe the true measure of success has to do with the number of jobs their business creates.” – Midas Touch
Both of our New York hotels are on the Top Ten list of the most luxurious hotels in NYC...Isn't the WORLD tired of hearing President Obama say he knew nothing about anything-time to take responsibility for all of your mistakes!
Looks like a very good World Series game!
How come Snowden and ObamaCare have access to all records and information but don't have even the smallest tidbits on President Obama?
ObamaCare is a disaster and Snowden is a spy who should be executed-but if it and he could reveal Obama's records,I might become a major fan
“You're never a loser until you quit trying.” - Mike Ditka
China just called. They want to lend Obama another $1B for the ObamaCare web site.
Via @WSJ: “The ObamaCare Awakening: Americans are losing their coverage by political design.” If Obama was willing to lie about ObamaCare then what else has he lied to us about...
Four brave Americans died in Benghazi. Administration is still covering up the truth. We deserve to know the full truth.
Congrats to @rushlimbaugh on the release of his new book “Rush Revere and the Brave Pilgrims.” #1 on @amazon and @bnbooks. Must read!
Via @WPOffshore: “Donald Trump's Blackdog victory” It is now a FACT that President Obama lied in order to get ObamaCare passed-that is fraud and the legislation should be recinded-INTERESTING
A great victory in Scotland ... I hear @billmaher really bombed in Springfield--people were leaving show way early--stupid guy!
Won’t be a buyer’s market for long. If you can, purchase a home but remember, I told you this three years ago.
Congrats @NBCInvestigates on revealing that Obama knew millions of Americans would lose their healthcare plans Fact – all the countries complaining about us spying on them spy on us. They just don't get caught--stupid!
1.5M have already lost their health care plans thanks to ObamaCare "@vabeachrpm: @realDonaldTrump great gifts for my hard working husband! Love Macy's!"
.@AlexSalmond of Scotland may be the dumbest leader of the free world. I can’t imagine that anyone wants him in office.
.@AlexSalmond –the man who let terrorist (Pan Am Flight 103) al-Megrahi go, lost another battle over ugly wind turbines in Blackdog.
.@AlexSalmond suffered a huge defeat by the people of Blackdog. Communities all over Scotland are fighting this loser.
When will @AlexSalmond realize that he's destroying Scotland--the most beautiful countryside in the world w/ his stupid wind turbines?
Great victory for people of Blackdog, Scotland. They defeated substation, stopping inefficient &amp, ugly wind turbines.@AlexSalmond
On 1,300 acres in Charlottesville, @trumpwinery’s wine has been awarded the coveted Virginia Double Gold Medal "@megrunder: .@realDonaldTrump Is there ANY subject you aren’t an expeMaybe if Obama knew too much about the spying it would be worse than knowing nothing - but either way it is just another disaster!
I just don't know why some of these NFL teams with lousy qua"@Rizz_Lizz: @realDonaldTrump I am clairvoyant. May I be the first to congratulate you on your win, Mr. President?" CUTE!"
There are so many blatant lies coming out of the ADMINISTRATION - healthcare, spying, NSA, IRS, brutally killed Americans -WILL IT EVER END?
Does anybody really think that President Obama didn't know about our spying on the leaders of allies around the world - not possible!
Like your current health care plan? Too bad, you’re going to lose it under ObamaCare. Hope, Change &amp, a 300% Increase in Your Premium.
Iraq is being ravaged by Al Qaeda. Country in utter chaos &amp, all oil is going to Iran &amp, China Contractors can blame Obama admin all day for their $600M failure but both paSebelius didn't test $635M (probably $1B) ObamaCare website until “a couple of days leading up to the launch.” I don’t know why our allies are so surprised Obama is tapping their phones? Nothing changes!
Via @inventorspot by Myra Per-Lee: “Got A Great Idea? Get Donald Trump To Fund It” Time for Sebelius to be fired. She has admitted that the Administration did not vet the ObamaCare website Thanks to ObamaCare’s device tax, Boston Scientific plans to cut 1,500 jobs The signature restaurant of @TrumpNewYork, @jeangeorges is both Forbes Five-Star &amp, AAA Five-Diamond restaurant "@TrumpVancouver has makings of iconic landmark: Erickson-designed highrise ..." Yesterday was Matt Drudge's bi@johan_jwc Because he paid me far more than it was wo@bradkovach Sadly true!
Will be on Fox &amp, Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be discussing the disgusting and wasteful $635 million website rollout and more!
The new line of Trump ties, shi"@dutchfreightman: @realDonaldTrump dined at Macleod House today. Wonderful in every aspect. Thanks for creating this on our doorstep." Nice"
President Obama should bring Secretaty Sebelius into his office, look right into her beautiful blue eyes and say,with emotion, YOU'RE FIRED!
I must say that some of these college football games are great tonight-very exciting-I wish I had more time to watch!
I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is." ~Donald Trump
Isn't it amazing that the U.S. and NSA can listen to the highly protected phone conversations of world leaders but can't get O's records!
At this point the legacy of the Obama Administration will be, sadly, that of THE GANG THAT COULDN'T SHOOT STRAIGHT - what a pathetic mess!
With the $635 million dollar website fiasco, getting caught tapping phones of WORLD LEADERS and so much more, U.S. is looking really stupid!
Can you imagine the anger and disgust when the heads of other countries found out that their cell phones were being tapped by NSA.Obama mess
First Titantic sunk on its maiden voyage.Next the Hindenburg explodes on its first flight to America.Now we suffer the ObamaCare rollout!
When a complex website is broken the best thing to do is blow it up and staThe Audacity of Ineptitude – ObamaCare website will cost over $1B “You want to compete, and you want to compete at the highest level.” - @boonepickens
Great meeting @GarySinise at @AmSpec dinner. Besides his great acting, Gary does tremendous work for vets through his foundation.
.@BoonePickens Thank you for the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award—a great honor for me from a fantastic man.
Jeffrey Lord @AmSpec—Thank you for the presentation—terrific job!
Bob Tyrrell @AmSpec—Thank you--and also for the great work you do.
Great evening with the @AmSpec &amp, the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award. Amazing crowd—thank you!
Good advice from my mother, Mary MacLeod Trump: “Trust in God and be true to yourself.”
Good advice from my father, Fred C. Trump:"Know everything you can about what you're doing.
You've got something unique to offer. Find out what it is. Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist?
Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway." - John Wayne
It was just determined that the woman who passed out at Obama’s press conference had just seen what her new premiums would be!
If the Saudis are so concerned about Syria then they should go in themselves. Stop telling us to do their diI’ll soon be leaving for Washington where @AmSpec will give me the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award. Very exciting!
Where’s the accountability for the $635M website fiasco in the Obama administration? Heads should roll and officials should be fired
On Fifth Avenue, the iconic @TrumpTowerNY is one of NYC's most heavily visited tourist attractions Why doesn't President Obama call upon the NSA to fix the badly broken website-then they could spy on all of the many cheaters &amp, arrest them!
Honestly, whether you're for or against ObamaCare, the 635 million dollar website fiasco is bad for the U.S. It makes us look totally inept!
"@DonJuanRiley1: Getting a picture of Donald Trump and putting it on a shiBreaking news - The Washington Redskins have just announced that they will be removing the name Washington from their name!
If you want to succeed, keep your edge. Staying on top of all new developments in your sector = major advantage that pays dividends.
The most luxurious hotel in downtown Manhattan, @TrumpSoHo is a top destination Have time to waste? Go to the ObamaCare website.
“America is too great for small dreams.” — Pres. Ronald Reagan
Looking forward to receiving the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award at tomorrow’s @AmSpec RobeVia @AmSpec by Jeffrey Lord: “Donald Trump: America’s Entrepreneur” The President must get Congressional approval before attacking Syria-big mistake if he does not!
"@Sajiah: 1 of the first ties bought my sweethea“Sure, the home-field is an advantage - but so is having a lot of talent.” - @DanMarino
Message to Edward Snowden, you’re banned from @MissUniverse. Unless you want me to take you back home to face justice!
On November 9th @MissUniverse comes to Moscow! Hosted by the wonderful duo of @OfficialMelB &amp, @ThomasARobeDoing an interview with @SteveDeaceShow. Discussing the ObamaCare web disaster. Be sure to listen Winner of the 5 Star Diamond Award, @TrumpGolfLA brings luxury &amp, elite amenities to LA's top public golf course Where’s the global warming? 2013 was one of the least extreme years in weather on record Help fund @Dratzenberger’s new show ‘American Made’ on @fundanything Via @ArabianBusiness: “Trump eyes PGA tour for Dubai golf course” .@VanityFair magazine is doing so poorly that they make even @NYMag look good. Graydon Ca@willdavenpo“Sixteen” @TrumpChicago is winning accolades and is a destination point restaurant—don’t miss it!
Trump Int’l Hotel &amp, Tower Chicago is one of very few hotels in No. America w/ a 5 Star, 5 Diamond Hotel &amp, a 5 Star, 5 Diamond Restaurant...
Doing Fox and Friends in two minutes!
I would bet that we have many great American technology companies that would build and fix the pathetic ObamaCare website for ZERO dollars!
"@JarrodRyanZA: @realDonaldTrump Are you actually going to go for #2016 elections? If so you have my suppoWhy doesn't President Obama just get the people from Google to fix the failed website. In fact, why didn't he use them in the first place!
THE ROLLOUT OF OBAMACARE IS A TOTAL DISASTER AND AN EMBARRASSMENT TO OUR COUNTRY. THE WORLD IS WATCHING AND LAUGHING.$635,000,000 WEBSITE!
Just like its website, ObamaCare is a disaster.Maybe all those who are fighting it are wasting their time-it will fail on its own!
Secy. Sebelius, who was responsible for the horrendous ObamaCare rollout, should resign or be fired.Refuses to go before Congress to explain
"@silvermarie2001: @realDonaldTrump whats wrong with canadians? Nothing except they are too smaI hope everyone that read @DanAmira's reprehensible statement will cancel their subscription to @NYMag in protest. Let me know.
No wonder @NYMag is doing so poorly, with an idiot Sr. Editor like @DanAmira, it will only get worse!
Canadians kicked out the firm that the U.S. paid all that money to for the failed website. How stupid are our "leaders"? This is a scandal!
Wow, China's growth accelerated 7.8% in third quaNo surprise Saudis turned down spot on UN Security Council. They don’t want responsibility. Just have us do their heavy lifting.
I love watching the dishonest writers @NYMag suffer the magazine’s failure.
Our country is being run by total amateurs. Let’s just call it “amateur hour.”
Can you imagine a Canadian company developing our website? Terrible way to put Americans back to work.
Honored to be attending Rev. @BillyGraham’s 95th biThis will be one of the biggest and most beautiful Miss Universe events ever.
The 2013 MISS UNIVERSE® Pageantwill take place in Russia for the very first time in the 62 year history of the contest.
ObamaCare website fiasco was a SINGLE bid to a Canadian company - terrible!
I build beautiful websites with very smaThe contract to build the ObamaCare website was given to a CANADIAN company for $55, 744, 081. It then bloated to $292, 071,067 INCOMPETENCE
"@spoHow do you spend over $635M on websites and they don't work?
"By the way, New York State MUST LOWER TAXES (and fast) and must staThanks for all of the great suppoI'm on the David Letterman @LateShow tonight--looking forward to it. 11:35 PM on CBS.
Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an oppoA winning attitude will put everything in perspective. Keep negative thoughts and people where they belong--out of the big picture.
Apple must make the IPhone screen bigger. Losing major market share.
Obama administration is killing American industrial renaissance by stopping drilling and fracking. Terrible for economy.
"Via @Golfmagic: "Golden Bear and American business tycoon finish their unlikely masterpiece" Entrepreneurship is engine of American success. I bring it to crowdfunding w/ @fundanything's $1M RECORD reward .@BMP_Music_Event Read 'Midas Touch' -- great book for entrepreneurs. Good luck!
Remember, if you don't pat yourself on the back, nobody else will. Take credit for your successes and don't let others forget!!!!!!
I'm glad that Mark Cuban won the ridiculous case with the S.E.C. It never should have been brought in the first place!
What a great day it was yesterday showing the public Trump Links at Ferry Point. I took over a disaster and made it GREAT! Good job to all!
.@TrumpLasVegas was just rated “Best Room Service” in LV by The Daily Meal. Congrats to my Las Vegas staff! Just left Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point. Ribbon cutting w/@MayorBloomberg &amp, @jacknicklaus was spectacular. Lots of people &amp, jobs!
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point will host many major championships over the years. Great thing for NYC—congratulations to all!
Trump Links will be a great championship golf course that will host many major tournaments and bring tremendous $'s &amp, prestige to N.Y.C.!
Will be cutting ribbon at 10 A.M. with Mayor Bloomberg and Jack Nicklaus for the opening of TRUMP LINKS at FERRY POINT.
Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate, as far as possible, the need for its own existence." – Pres. Ronald Reagan
Republicans seem intent on negotiating against themselves. Many senior Senators are doing Obama’s bidding. Can’t win this way.
Al Qaeda terrorist Al Libi was immediately read his rights &amp, is now being treated for ‘pre-existing’ medical (cont) Thanks to all for the wonderful congratulation sent to me on the biMy beautiful daughter Ivanka just had a healthy baby boy. Jared and Ivanka are very proud!
"GOPers eye Donald Trump for governor run" "@joedmti: @realDonaldTrump U crack me up. I love how a man of ur wealth, fame and stature doesn't mind mixing it up. Pa"@SunnyPahoujaDDS: @realDonaldTrump your @TrumpLasVegas is an amazing prope@AnnetteNavaret Great.
Somebody got rich building the ObamaCare website which doesn't even come close to working - where has the money gone?
I know a great deal about websites etc. but I am unable to understand how our government spent $635 million on the ObamaCare site-&amp, disaster
Many countries including allies already see China as world superpower Congrats to Jim Lipton and Inside the Actors Studio for winning the Emmy Award for the 250th Episode. I was honored to appear in it.
Weekly jobless claims soared to 21.5%, a 6 month high Personally, I think Douglas Durst’s brother got screwed by Douglas—no wonder he’s angry!
Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the World Trade Center to get out of a lease with Conde Nast?
I wouldn’t use @Richard_Meier to design a doghouse, let alone a house or building!
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediately—because he is being looked at!
“Problems, setbacks, mistakes &amp, losses are all pa"“If it’s wo"@RBrownFSU: @realDonaldTrump I'm coming to NY from Florida tomorrow. I'm bringing the first Trump 2016 sign with me. #sta"@kdawnpatterson: Praying that you will consider running for president. You understand business &amp, know how to negotiate. #tump4prez"
Jack Welch thinks Sam Palmisano, retired CEO of IBM, should be the next CEO of MICROSOFT. Interesting!
I will be on @piersmorganlive tonight at 9PM. I’ll be doing @piersmorgan show tonight on CNN at 9 PM. Will be very interesting. (I hope!)
If you don’t treat yourself like royalty, no one else will. @TrumpWaikiki is Honolulu's most luxurious hotel Obama has called @GOP terrorists during this showdown. It’s a shame he really doesn’t think it because then he would meet all @GOP demands.
Obama is the most profligate deficit &amp, debt spender in our nation’s history. Doubled debt (cont) "The fact that we are here today to debate raising America’s debt limit is a sign of leadership failure." - Sen. Obama, 3/16/06"
Obama’s job approval is at 37%, a record low. @GOP &amp, @SpeakerBoehner have the leverage &amp, momentum. Delay ObamaCare for all Americans!
Obama can open the Mall for illegals to protest our country yet he continues to barricade WWII memorial. That’s an absolute disgrace.
“Golf is deceptively simple and endlessly complicated. It satisfies the soul and frustrates the intellect. (cont) "@cory_wise @realDonaldTrump thank you for stepping up to help our fallen service heroes!" Thank you."
"@Lennydrew @realDonaldTrump I really appreciate your tweets with excerpts from your books. It sta“My advice to you regarding momentum is definitive: Get yours going!” – Think Like a Champion
"@lil_boRe Florida Power &amp, Light—Most impoI pay millions of $’s a year to Florida Power &amp, Light &amp, they can’t give us what we want. Maybe a major class action suit against them?
“You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.” - Wayne Gretzky
Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets.
At 96 stories above Michigan Avenue, if you’re not staying at the 5 star @TrumpChicago then you’re in its shadow Via @trdmiami: “@TrumpDoral project will boast 800 hotel rooms” “Don’t emphasize the problem so much-emphasize the solution. It’s a mindset that works.” – Think Like a Champion
If the U.S. Government doesn't give the money necessary for the burials of our military personnel, I will.The U.S. under Obama's leadership!
It is outrageous and disgusting that families of U.S. MILITARY personnel killed in action will not be given money for burials. SAD!
With President Obama it's all talk and no action. Our country is in desperate need of sma"@JoseConesa01: @realDonaldTrump It is time for REAL change. Donal J. Trump 2016. Obama, "you're FIRED" Thanks for the nice words!"
I'm just so tired of listening to the same old rhetoric and words, day after day, from our President. It's time to stop talking-WORK!
Florida Power &amp, Light has disgusting rotting utility poles outside Doral in Miami. They should put in new ones or will be sued.
In my opinion, one of the worst utility companies in the country is Florida Power and Light.
The White House has just admitted Al Qaeda was involved in Benghazi Did you ever think our country would become an economic basket case? So much for Hope &amp, Change.
The new reality, China and Japan are warning us not to default Had a great time on @gretawire’s inaugural 7PM show. Congrats to Greta on the new spot!
.@GOP has leverage. Must stay united &amp, on message.
If you are steadfast in your effoExpect the best from people. They will rise to the challenge and it's impo@kimfeather177 Thanks.
President Obama wants to change the name of the "White House" because it is highly discriminating and not at all politically correct!
President should not be telling the Washington Redskins to change their name-our country has far bigger problems! FOCUS on them,not nonsense
My sense is that people are far angrier at the President than they are at Congress re the shutdown—an interesting turn!
"“Do not allow fear to settle into place in any paWith the debt limit approaching, @GOP has even more leverage. If they stay united and on message they can win.
“We build too many walls and not enough bridges.” - Isaac Newton
83% of the government is still running during the shutdown while 41% of nondefense federal workers are furloughed. Room for cuts.
Obama is tougher on WWII vets wanting to visit a DC memorial than Iran. He needs to show respect to our vets and not play games.
Government is shut down yet Obama is now harassing the privately owned @Redskins to change its name.He needs to focus on his job!
Standing strong for his people, @GovWalker is ignoring the Feds and keeping all Wisconsin parks open. Great!
An iconic building and top tourist attraction, @TrumpTowerNY sets New York City’s luxury standard "@TheGINE3000: @realDonaldTrump We need someone with some business sense in the White House. This administration doesn't have a clue."
The Obama Administration has a very impo"@bprunty67: @realDonaldTrump the only ruler that does not Negotiate is a DICTATOR!"
“Compete with yourself to be the best you can be.” – Think Like a Champion
“The minute that you’re not learning I believe you’re dead.” – Jack Nicholson
“Trumps Are Giving @TrumpDoral A Makeover” While the Pres. of Iran tweets sweet nothings to Obama he forbids the Iranians to use twitter. Very revealing.
When will lightweight hack Attorney General be investigated for his repeated prosecutorial misconduct?"@2LukeVBeck2: @realDonaldTrump "Americas Hope"
Must read editorial today about lightweight New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman. Is he a crook? Congrats to @nbc on the success of the new smash show @NBCBlacklist. Fantastic suspense. Great acting. Must see TV!
Obama has unilaterally &amp, unconstitutionally drawn 4 ObamaCare exemptions for his friends. All @GOP wants is (cont) Total misnomer to call ObamaCare ‘The Affordable Care Act.’ Affordable for whom besides big businesses &amp, Congress w/their exemptions?
My @OraTV #Politicking interview w/@kingsthings on the govt. shutdown, ObamaCare, Putin, 2016 and @TrumpDoral Just read @marklevinshow’s bestseller book—really great!
Congrats to people of Scotland on the Judge’s ruling concerning bird killing, land destroying, environmentally disastrous windmills.
“Life is difficult no matter what, but hard work and perseverance make it a lot easier.” – Think Like a Billionaire
“Going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision.” – Think Big
"@HoneyBadger210: @realDonaldTrump Remember when Obama said Bush raising the debt ceiling was "unpatriotic?" Great ruling on wind farm in Scotland—very sma“Most entrepreneurs do not realize that wealth does not come from work, but from the assets they build.” – Midas Touch
“Great effoObama administration had 4 years to prepare for the ObamaCare rollout. And of course they failed miserably.
Obama and the Democrats have no respect for WWII vets trying to get into the memorial.
Many Red-State Democrats sticking with Obama on deficit spending on the ObamaCare monstrosity will be defeated in 2014.
Oil has been over $33/gallon for 34 months. A new record. And now with Obama’s war on coal, American families will be hit even harder.
‘Moderate’ Repubs plotting against @GOP strategy have shoAngela Merkel is doing a fantastic job as the Chancellor of Germany. Youth unemployment is at a record low &amp, she has a budget surplus.
On the shores of the Lake Norman, @Trump_Charlotte features a world-class course designed by @SharkGregNorman My friend Larry King @kingsthings asked me to do an interview with him—he was always great to me—&amp, I agreed. Watch tonight 9 PM on “Know from inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will. That’s taking control.” – Think Like a Champion
The most elite private club in the world, Mar-a-Lago, is Palm Beach’s legendary landmark. "@hasantaleb: If @realDonaldTrump was The President all our problems would be fixed." We would be doing great!"
“Study: Insurance costs to soar under Obamacare” Stocks rose yesterday during the first day of government shutdown. Markets like being left alone for a day.
A-Rod’s appeal will go nowhere. He will get a long suspension. Good for the @Yankees. And sends strong message to @MLB players.
Young entrepreneurs across the US are trying to make deals &amp, build businesses daily. Stay positive, think big &amp, big things will happen
Democrats refused to vote down their ObamaCare subsidy. While Americans will be hit w/ rising premiums, Washington won’t feel any pain
The ObamaCare disaster is in full swing. Websites are down, people can’t sign up and elderly can’t understand the lingo.
When it comes to Iran's nuclear weapons program, here's my advice: Distrust, dismantle and verify." - @IsraeliPM @netanyahu
Congrats @GretchenCarlson's new Fox show debuts w/ very strong ratings Sorry banks, when we accused lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman of not going after banks, he sta#3. Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
#2. Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effo#1. Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
New York State's lightweight A.G. is driving business &amp, jobs out of N.Y. Look into his past-he shouldn't even be allowed to hold office!
Wow, three top MICROSOFT investors want Bill Gates out as Chairman. Do not like job he is doing!
Can you imagine, with all of the talk about ObamaCare, technical breakdowns made it a disastrous day. Our government is badly broken!
“Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - @jack_welch
“Your money should be at work at all times. Even in the worst economy, there is no excuse." - Think Like a Billionaire
It is crucial for Republicans to remain united during this shutdown
There have been 17 shutdowns since 1976, 14 under Reagan and Bush with Democrat Congresses who wanted more spending.
Remember when Obama promised “you can keep your health care plan?” Not in these 10 states. Nice guy @pennjillette needs your help to make his bad guy movie Directors Cut--&gt, It was an honor to be @GretchenCarlson's inaugural guest on her new show ‘The Real Story.’ Gretchen will be a big success!
Obama has not passed a single budget in 4 years. Democrats don’t even vote them in Congress. He has failed to lead!
Obama &amp, the Democrats want this shutdown. They think it helps their electoral prospects for 2014. Don’t believe!
Rated Toronto’s #1 hotel, the 65-story 5 Star @TrumpTO is located in the hea"Must read editorial via @IBDeditorials: "ObamaCare's Bitter Irony: It May Increase Number Of Uninsured" Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
The Republicans can absolutely win if they stick together-but they are NOT sticking together. Sen. McCain just said "we can't win".Very bad!
Remember that in 2006 then Senator Obama voted NOT TO INCREASE THE DEBT CEILING. Now he acts in disbelief as others plan to do the same!
“Integrity is the essence of everything successful.” – Richard Buckminster Fuller
Since stop &amp, frisk was struck down, gun shootings &amp, victims have spiked-- while gun seizures have decreased. Business is an aThe commodity market is extremely fragile. Be wary of investing right now. The futures are way too dependent on the Fed.
No one wants the government to shut down, but if ObamaCare is fully implemented then our country will eventually shutdown anyway!
With proper thinking and leadership, we can have a much better plan than Obamacare - something that works for the people and costs much less
Obamacare is far toooo expensive, far toooo complicated (thousands of pages) and, most impo"@MSFerr1: @realDonaldTrump if we could afford it, would you suppo"@AENMAD: @realDonaldTrump will you be running for president or is it all talk?" Time will tell!"
Iran is toying with our president - buying time and laughing at the stupidity of our leadership. Syria, and now this! What's next?
Re negotiation: Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself. Think about what the other side wants and where they're coming from.
“Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.” - Henry Ford
Don’t believe the manipulated job numbers. Walma"@JeremyrLack: @realDonaldTrump what would your first act in office be?" To end Obamacare."
Spanish version of ObamaCare website delayed On Monday, ObamaCare kicks in with all goodies of 300% increased premiums, higher taxes and paOur country needs leadership now. There is total dysfunction in Washington.
Five Star @TrumpCondosLV are the most luxurious &amp, elite residences in the Vegas market You have to believe in what you want. Keep your focus, keep your momentum--and remain patient and persistent.
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp, shi"@RonnieDunn1164: @realDonaldTrump you need to renovate 1600 Pennsylvania ave. ASAP!!!!"
I am so happy that I was able to do something really good for the Bronx - and lots of jobs!
Yes, this is a large scale version of when I built and saved the ice skating rink in Central Park (which all should go to). Great course!
Credit the Bloomberg administration for having the foresight and courage to get this decades old project finished - will be BIG for NY.
To be called Trump Links at Ferry Point, course will be GREAT and, over the years, hold many tournaments and major championships-$'s to NYC.
Once the Bloomberg administration selected Trump to take over the very expensive and years late project, I kicked "ass" and got it done fast
The big golf course project on the water by the Whitestone Bridge in NYC that has been under construction for many years now complete-GREAT!
“A very good way to pave your own way to success is simply to work hard and to be diligent” – Think Like a Champion
Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction."- Ronald Reagan #MakeDCListen #DefundObamaCare
7 million Americans are going to lose their jobs due to ObamaCare. 46 million face 300% premium increases. DEFUND! #MakeDCListen
Both Obama administration and House leadership staffs are exempt from ObamaCare. Why not the American people? #MakeDCListen
Winner of the 5 Star Diamond Award, @TrumpGolfDC’s two courses grace over 600 acres on the Potomac River ‘Uniforms 4 Everyone’ campaign @fundanything has a $3,000 goal to buy underprivileged kids school uniforms Happy belated biVia @MarketWatch: “@TrumpSoHo New York Unveils $50 Million Presidential Penthouse” “Pa“The world is changing very fast. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow.” - @rupe"@MISSUNIVERSE43 @realDonaldTrump Great book. 'The A@ColetonEmr Happy Bi"“Build confidence staIn real estate, all locations can be enhanced through good marketing. Be smaObamaCare will increase individual market premiums by 99% for men and 62% for women The shale boom is saving our economy Via @FurnitureToday by Cindy W. Hodnett: “Dorya to introduce Trump Home high-end furniture” If ObamaCare is so amazing, then why is Obama delaying significant paObama wanted to meet with the Iranian president, yet the Iranians denied the request. So much for Hope &amp, Change.
Remember what I previously said--Obama will someday attack Iran in order to show how tough he is.
Can you believe the head of Iran refused to meet with our great President?—Zero respect!
If Justice Robe"@pegson: @realDonaldTrump Christopher Lane "@Greek_Boy_21: @realDonaldTrump if we don't defund #Obamacare the USA will never have the freedom. we will be controlled by our Government"
“If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score?” - Vince Lombardi
“Take the time to move yourself forward. In other words, think, work and be lucky.” – Think Like a Champion
It’s a shame the ruling class of Republicans don’t attack Obama and the Democrats the way they hit Senators Cruz &amp, Lee.
Less than one week away from implementation, ObamaCare’s small business exchanges are not ready!Obama promised premiums would lower $2,500/yr for family of 4. In truth, healthcare will increase by $7,450 Obama told the UN that “the world is more stable than it was 5 years ago.” Is he delusional?
Congrats to Team USA &amp, Capt. @AllenWronowski for retaining the PGA Cup! Well done and well deserved!
.@NeneLeakes seeks my advice on prenups, tonight at 9 PM on Bravo
I am a defender of @MileyCyrus, who I think is a good person (and not because she stays at my hotels), but last night's outfit must go!
Huma should dump the sicko Weiner. He is a calamity that is bringing her down with him.
Obama’s coal regulations will destroy the coal industry, put Americans out of work, raise electricity prices &amp, lead to blackouts.
The Democrats in Congress don’t want ObamaCare for themselves or big businesses. So why are they forcing it on the American people?
Americans nationwide have their premiums double and work hours decreased. @GOP must do the right thing, stand strong &amp, defund!
“Here’s the truth, the gov't doesn’t shutdown” "@WarrenBuffett insists that without changes to Obamacare average citizens will suffer.” Mariano Rivera is greatest closer of all time. A leader in the club house &amp, an exceptional man. One of the best @Yankees in history.
Penn Jillette shows his dark side in new crowdfunded film Director’s Cut Congratulations to @IvankaTrump on being named @FoxNewsSunday Power Player of the Week. Ivanka is doing a great job w/ DC Post Office.
Via @successmagazine by @MikeSeemuth: “Trump Power” "@KingNSG: @realDonaldTrump we need a big change, I believe you have the best chance, and ability to do so." Thank you."
"@piersmorgan: SmaThe Emmys are sooooo boring! Terrible show. I'm going to watch football! I already know the winners. Good night.
Is it the Neil Patrick Harris show or the Emmy Awards?How was he ever put in this position to staReferees are destroying the enjoyment of NFL games. Slowing down the fun. Big shots. Jets game is ridiculous!
Big things going on today at Trump National-Westchester!
"@BrendaswigeRepublicans must unite to defund Obamacare - it will drive our country into oblivion and, by the way, the healthcare is no good anyway!
An impo"@SeanKAnderson: @realDonaldTrump my late-mother and I watch the Apprentice since S1. I was 10yo...the foundation for my love of business"
“Our Constitution was made only for a moral &amp, religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.”-- John Adams
“One man with courage is a majority.” - Thomas Jefferson
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys, offers the finest style in menswear Welcome to the new reality. 23,116,928 US households on food stamps Opening in 2016, Trump Tower Punta del Este will bring our signature luxury living to the sands of Playa Brava If you include people who have left the work force, unemployment rate is 15%. Labor pa@CorsoC311 @SamShahrooz Thanks Cathy.
Americans by &amp, large hate ObamaCare. They see Obama lied to get it passed. They see big business &amp, gov’t got waivers. Defund!
Congratulations to @SpeakerBoehner on standing strong and tying government shutdown to defunding ObamaCare.
Via @CBS19: "Trump Winery President Nominated for Award by Wine Enthusiast Magazine" "@RealJohnAnthon: @realDonaldTrump Why do you hate Africa so much?" I don't-tremendous potential!
"@Spencer67: @realDonaldTrump For once, I completely agree with you! Business wise, you're brilliant. I just don't suppo"@SeanKAnderson: @realDonaldTrump I have so much respect for you that I don't care that you blatantly criticize the President I suppoMove slowly, carefully --- and then strike like the fastest animal on the planet!
President Obama must remember that the worst thing you can do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. Be cool, move slowly - and think! IRAN
President Obama seems so fawning and desperate to make a deal with Iran that lots of bad results can occur. Be cool and be careful!
"@acarra3 Is this your new building in yahoo weather app @realDonaldTrump .@MileyCyrus – don’t worry about Liam. You can do much better and you have plenty of time—remain strong!
As a stockholder in Apple, they should get on with a larger screen iPhone as a supplement—immediately.
My comments on a larger screen iPhone were in addition to existing unit, not a replacement. Screen should be 10% larger than Samsung.
Lightweight Schneiderman's suit was filed on a Saturday (unheard of) against a school with a 98% approval rating right after Obama meeting.
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman meets with President Obama (who he told me "sucks" as a president), and quickly files a suit against me!
I cannot believe that Apple didn't come out with a larger screen IPhone. Samsung is stealing their business. STEVE JOBS IS SPINNING IN GRAVE
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman is perhaps the most incompetent and least respected A.G. in the U.S. He is a total joke!
Why is lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman allowed to ask for campaign contributions from my people during settlement negotiations?
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman sued school with a 98% approval rating while billions in corruption goes unpunished. A total crook?
Just returned from Trump Doral in Miami. Massive construction job. When completed will be the best reso"Build your reputation on intelligence, responsibility, and results. That's building the right way." - Think Like a Champion"
“Becoming an entrepreneur is a personal-development program. If you grow personally, your business will grow.” – Midas Touch
Everyone should calm down. @BenAffleck is going to do a great job as Batman.
Video of my day at The Old Post Office- soon to be the most fabulous hotel! There are great campaigns on @fundanything .@RNC leadership should not be afraid of a government shutdown. They should be afraid of not defunding ObamaCare.
The mind that opens to a new idea never comes back to its original size." -- Einstein
“Keep focusing on doing what you love, even if times are tough.” – Think Big
“Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.” - Dale Carnegie
The Costa Concordia shipwreck is a MONUMENT TO STUPIDITY but the uprighting of the ship is a MONUMENT TO GENIUS!
American Exceptionalism and the Navy Yard shooting do not go hand in hand. Foreign countries, in paThe Navy Yard shooting is a horrible disaster. If we don't clean up OUR COUNTRY of the garbage soon, we are just going to do a death spiral!
I am proud to announce our newest project, Trump Tower Mumbai. Together with the Lodha Group, it will be incredible! Only 15 days until ObamaCare is implemented. Congress must waive the monstrosity for regular Americans. Why should they be punished?
Michigan has made great progress under Snyder-Calley. @MIGOP is out early energizing the grassroots. Keep it up! #JoinMITeam
I predict that President Obama will at some point attack Iran in order to save face!
Great column by David Bossie at @BreitbaCongrats to @BreitbaCongratulations to @ehasselbeck on her successful first day as co-host of @foxandfriends! Great to be in studio today for Elisabeth.
I can’t believe my friend Derek Jeter is out for whole season--injured day he left Trump World Tower. Lucky bldg.-- Move back fast!
When I say I would end Obamacare, I would also come up with a plan that would be far better, much easier to understand, and cost less!
New York Fashion Week is really bad, and used to be so glamorous and exciting! No stars, no fun-just boring. They need serious help. #NYFW
I truly hope President Obama doesn't do something irrational and dangerous for our country in order to save face. He must sit back and chill
Obama is now warning NoPrayers go out to the victims of the terrible fire in New Jersey. Stay strong and remember it will soon get better.
We should stop talking, stay out of Syria and other countries that hate us, rebuild our own country and make it strong and great again-USA!
Most people do not know what Presient Obama is going to do to save his legacy. I do! He's got to get back to basics.Forget Syria-FIX THE USA
“Trust your instincts, especially if they are well honed.” – Midas Touch
My interview w/ @BloombergTV's Peter Cook re the Old Post Office Bldg becoming Trump Int'l Hotel, Washington D.C. .@Yankees manager Joe Girardi is a gritty leader who stands up for his players. Doing a great job!
NO GAMES! HOUSE @GOP MUST DEFUND OBAMACARE! IF THEY DON’T, THEN THEY OWN IT!
Now Assad is demanding that Obama stop suppoChina, Russia and Iran are laughing at us. We have weak leaders who are threatening our national security. Dangerous times.
Must read piece by @DanielPipes: “Obama's Diplomatic Acrobatics” Named best golf course in the world by @RobbRepoAt least @TheTinaBeast is consistent. She takes over a magazine and it ends up in the gutter.
Tina Brown could finally be over. @thedailybeast is a total failure. She just got fired, great!
"@fenwickrx: @realDonaldTrump “@NewsOn6: Study: Wind Farms Killed 67 Eagles In Five Years I will be doing #GDNY Good Day N.Y. with Rosanna &amp,Greg live at 8.30 A.M. I will be giving money to a great guy who lost his son in the WTC.
"@chrisfalcodrago: @realDonaldTrump my desktop in the office "@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump More obvious every day: America desperately needs Trump at the helm! Putin's letter is a masterpiece for Russia and a disaster for the U.S. He is lecturing to our President.Never has our Country looked to weak
“@realDonaldTrump: I would like to extend my best wishes to all, even the haters and losers, on this special date, September 11th.”
“Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash.” - George S. Patton
Why is oil at a record high? OPEC &amp, the oil speculators continue to rip us off.
Many people have asked recently "when do you sleep?" The answer is -- not much.
A year ago today a diplomat and 3 security operatives were abandoned by our government while they were under attack. Never forget!
Donald Trump Jr., Ivanka Trump, Eric Trump, and myself in front of The Old Post Office, D.C. on Pennsylvania... An ad hoc interview I filmed with a German journalist at Ground Zero hours after the attack God bless all the brave souls who perished 12 years ago today. You will never be forgotten!
Via @AP: “Donald, Ivanka Trump say DC’s Old Post Office Pavilion will be 1 of country’s finest hotels” "@joshskaggs "@realDonaldTrump stayed in your Chicago hotel last night. Great staff and awesome room!" Thanks!"
Obama must now staPutin is having such a good time. Our President is making him look like the genius of all geniuses. Do not fear,we are a NATION OF POTENTIAL
I said that Eliot Spitzer was going to lose when he was way up in the polls. I fought him when others retreated out of fear. NEVER GIVE UP!
Spitzer and Weiner lost, lightweight Eric Schneiderman will be next - he will be challenged in the PRIMARY. He has done a really poor job!
Weiner is gone, Spitzer is gone - next will be lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Is he a crook? Wait and see, worse than Spitzer or Weiner
Assad hit the jackpot!
Back to work for the President to try and keep some dignity for the office and himself. The so-called rebels must be thoroughly confused!
The only reason Obama gave a speech last night was because it was on the schedule-Putin is laughing and the reviews have been really bad!
"@Airmanfirst: @realDonaldTrump Think Weiner will move to a state that doesn't know him?" He should move, better for him to make a new staLightweight Attorney General Eric Schneiderman will be next to lose. He goes after a school with a 98% approval rating,leaves biggies alone
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman asked us for political contributions DURING his investigation of us,then sued for $40 million.Dopey guy!
Thank you to all of my Twitter followers for helping to defeat Weiner and Spitzer. Remember, in the beginning they said it couldn't be done!
I fought hard against Spitzer and Weiner, and both lost. For a while, when Spitzer was way up, it seemed that I was a lone voice! Good power
Wow, Eliot Spitzer has lost - great news for New York City!
Bottom line, I don't think President changed people's minds - must hope for a lifeline from Putin, a very dangerous lifeline at that!
We will have to see what Russia's next move will be. They may have given him an out of an embarrassing situation or drove into deeper mess!
He is working hard and for that he must be given credit!
Doesn't want to remove Assad - worries what comes next.
Making his case in a nice and aDoes he look sharp, smaHere we go!
Will be covering President Obama's speech at 9.00 on Twitter-you are all so lucky!
Red line statement was a disaster for President Obama.
This new Russian strategy guarantees victory for the Syrian government-and makes Obama and U.S. look hopelessly bad. President in trouble!
The Russians are playing a very sma"@AustinOdusanya1 "@realDonaldTrump you are a great mentor. I have all your books" Great--good luck!"
Danger-Weiner is a free man at 12:01AM. He will be back sexting with a vengeance. All women remain on aleIn order to stay competitive in your industry, it is imperative to keep up to date on all news. A great commodity is information.
“MSNBC'S TOURÉ HAS EPIC RACE-BAITING MELTDOWN ON CNN” "@bahia6085 "@realDonaldTrump Can you imagine Obama running his own business? How sad would that be?" You never know!"
Assad will never give up his chemical weapons. He has spent years and billions accumulating them. This is all a ruse.
Want to take a quiz with me? Download the @millonseconds app and watch @RyanSeacrest on Monday at 8/7c on @NBC
Obama and Kerry are bungling Syria by the hour. They have set America’s deterrence &amp, stature back by years. Amateurs!
For all of my millions of followers, and at your request, I will be tweeting tonight during President Obama’s speech! 9pm ET
We deserve all the answers on Benghazi! Soon to be the greatest hotel in U.S. don_trump_jr @ivankatrump @erictrump #OldPostOffice Press conference at The Old Post Office in D.C. Just landed in D.C. Heading down to D.C. "@DialaD7: @realDonaldTrump you are my role model i want to be like you in my own original way. #inspiration" Thanks!"
This George Zimmerman is really a mess - he really has to just disappear! (He attacked his wife last night).
Do you believe what is going on in Washington with respect to Syria - these people don't have a clue!
Icahn, Kravis, Zell, Buffett have all used the bankrutcy law to their benefit. Many of the top business people do.
So much for ‘global warming.’ EaOur economy is in trouble. The unemployed are more likely to drop out of the workforce than find a job. We need growth-- and now!
Iraq has granted Iran full air rights to fly over and arm Syria. What did America accomplish with the Iraq war? And now Syria?!
This week will mark the 1 year anniversary of the attack in Benghazi that left 4 Americans dead. No answers!
Now Obama has set red line 2 with demand that Assad hands over Syria’s chemical weapons or it will face an attack.
Congratulations to @serenawilliams on her superb @usopen win. She is terrific!
Downtown Manhattan’s trendiest hotel, @TrumpSoHo -- 46 stories of luxurious rooms, fine dining &amp, The Spa Adopt the A@TheBig_Easy Ernie--You are doing a great job with #autismsuppo#TheView Lots of fun on @TheViewTV with @JennyMcCaDon't attack Syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the U.S. Focus on making our country strong and great again!
Why are we fighting for the "rebels" that hate us-only to save face for Obama!
Doing Fox &amp, Friends at 7 A.M.
Also, great comeback by the New York Jets. That game was over until a really dumb defensive play by Tampa. Amazing.
Tony Romo just made a great play-Giants are getting killed!
Great comeback by Tom Brady-New England!
The New York Giants are looking really bad so far tonight. Does not get much worse than this!
Doing a commercial for @NFLONFOX- lots of fun! "@seanofkbio: @TrumpGolfLinks @realDonaldTrump what a coarse, what service. A jewel of Scotland "@gretawire: PresObama is not busy talking to Congress about Syria..he is playing golf ...go figure"
Do you notice that nobody is talking about the many scandals of the Obama administration anymore - The Teflon President!
Let @PeteRose in the HOF - it's time!
"@ctumbeMy shi"@marklevinshow: Oh, how painful this must be for liberals and RINOs! "@FadiS_83: @realDonaldTrump is the man,never heard such wise words. #HandsOffSyria." SMA"@wussydemon: Can I get a @Midgespeaks I want him to do a great job but he can't.
"President Obama, do not attack Syria. There is no upside and tremendous downside. Save your "powder" for another (and more impoIsn't it intetesting that anybody who attacks President Obama is considered a racist by the real racists out there!
"@kwatkiins: saw @realDonaldTrump on a video in history yesterday... made my day #smaSpeaking of our very stupid war with Iraq, it is totally disintegrating and Iran (with Russia) will walk in and take it over (lots of oil)!
"@RobeI'm a Republican but not a fan of the last George Bush-he also was a lousy President (Iraq etc.). In fact, he was so bad he gave us Obama!
Former President Jimmy CaSyria has been given so much time that much of the things we were going to bomb have been moved into civilian areas! A polititian's war.
Just watching NBC News where our potential attack is being detailed-the exact ships, the stealth bombers, the destinations-so ridiculous!
"@BretBaier: Thx "@CUREHDSAORG: @BretBaier Huntingtons Disease is a terminal and genetic illness.Please retweet If Syria was forced to use Obamacare they would self-destruct without a shot being fired. Obama should sell them that idea!
When we have big disasters, no one comes to our aid or even suggests helping - but we are always expected to come to the aid of others!
“Any political leader who won’t face the future head on is putting the American Dream at risk.” – The America We Deserve
“Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.” - Thomas Jefferson
Obama is not a leader, he's just a campaigner!
Many of the Syrian rebels are radical jihadi Islamists who are murdering Christians. Why would we ever fight with them?
Via @MiamiHerald by Hannah Sampson: “BLT Prime coming to Trump’s Doral resoNo surprise. Woman being cited by Kerry &amp, McCain on Syrian rebels is a paid consultant of the rebels The historic $250M renovations at @TrumpDoral are moving on pace. Once complete, @TrumpDoral will be South Florida’s premiere reso“Remember the golden rule of negotiating: ‘He who has the gold makes the rules.’” – Midas Touch
I am not angry at Russia (or China) because their leaders are far sma"I wonder how much our "leaders" have promised, or given, Russia in order for them to behave and not make the U.S. look even worse?"
Really bad news just announced concerning jobs. Far fewer jobs created in August than anticipated. Interest rates, therefore, to remain low.
We don't have the leadership, including the Generals (who just said the element of surprise does not matter) to attack anyone! Cool it.
Did you ever see a situation so ridiculous as our President explaining what, when and where to Congress about a Syrian attack. Far too late!
"@Jahbalon: Why is Sierra Club not speaking up for the birds slain by turbines? MUST READ from biologist The terrorists in Syria are calling themselves REBELS and getting away with it because our leaders are so completely stupid!
We should not attack Syria but if they make the stupid move to do so, the Arab League,whose members are laughing at us, should pay!
“If you plan for the worst – if you can live with the worst – the good will always take care of itself.” – The A... while a 300ft turbine in Ardrossan, NoIn January '12, 3 turbines were wrecked in rough weather ... Russia is sending a fleet of ships to the Mediterranean. Obama’s war in Syria has the potential to widen into a worldwide conflict.
A 40mph gust of wind wrecked a wind turbine in Scotland All former Bush administration officials should have zero standing on Syria. Iraq was a waste of blood &amp, treasure.
Must read via @IowaGOP by @shanevanderhaIf President Obama was going to attack Syria, he should’ve done it a long time ago as a surprise &amp, not after (cont) That would mean that Eliot Spitzer has failed at everything he's done--politics, TV &amp, even real (cont) It will be interesting to see what happens to Eliot Spitzer if he loses the election for Comptroller to very capable @scottmstringer.
I have just lost my beautiful &amp, elegant long time exec. assistant Norma Foerderer. She passed away yesterday – a truly magnificent woman.
AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA - IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN &amp, FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!
"@gregfrech: @realDonaldTrump have you seen the video of the rebel commander cutting out and eating the Syrian soldiers heaWhile everyone is waiting and prepared for us to attack Syria, maybe we should knock the hell out of Iran and their nuclear capabilities?
If you look at the horrible picture on the front page of the NY Times of the "rebels" executing prisoners, you would say forget the rebels!
Tell Congress to straighten out the many problems of our country before trying to be the policemen to the world. Make America great again!
The only reason President Obama wants to attack Syria is to save face over his very dumb RED LINE statement. Do NOT attack Syria,fix U.S.A.
President Obama put himself in a very bad position when he talked about Syria crossing the RED LINE. Amazingly, now he denies he said that!
Is Anthony Weiner a jerk or what!
Jay Leno and his people are constantly calling me to go on his show. My answer is always no because his show sucks. They love my ratings!
"@MariaDavidson10: @realDonaldTrump you have more followers than they (@billmaher @jayleno) do." So true, and am hopefully MUCH sma“Appreciate your propeI hear this moron @billmaher said nasty things about me (hair etc—boring) on the terminated @jayleno show. Stupid guy/bad ratings!
I’ve always defended @jayleno but he never defends me. He's not a loyal person &amp, I now understand why everybody dumped him. Jay sucks!
“To keep momentum, keep challenging yourself.” – Think Big
With the signature services of Trump Attaché, @TrumpWaikiki brings premiere luxury to the white sands of Waikiki Happy New Year to all of my Jewish friends and suppo.@GOP must stay focused on defunding ObamaCare and the impending budget battle. Don’t let Syria rule the agenda.
.@serenawilliams had a flawless @usopen quaMany Syrian ‘rebels’ are radical Jihadis. Not our friends &amp, suppo".@EmilyMiller's book "Emily Gets Her Gun" exposes the attack on our Second Amendment Congratulations to @PiersMorgan on winning @BritishGQ TV Personality Of The Year. Piers deserves his success!
For all of those fools that want to attack Syria, the U.S.has lost the vital element of surprise-so stupid-could be a disaster!
What I am saying is stay out of Syria.
The great GENERALS MacA"@BigSexyBDAvis: @realDonaldTrump mr trump would attack Syria or no?" No, lets make our country great again as they fight their war!"
From the great author of Rich Dad, Poor Dad-- Robe“Representing your own brand yourself is the best way to go. If you can’t sell it, who will?” – Midas Touch
Elections have consequences. Obama just published “final regulations for ObamaCare’s individual mandate” How can General Ma“A big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from.” – Think Like a Champion
I am giving away money. Check the crowdfunding site @fundanything China, OPEC and Russia laugh at us. But now thanks to Obama so does Syria. Very sad!
Enjoy the ratings of President Obama. I applaud Columbia, South Carolina for cleaning up biz center "@thobane63: @realDonaldTrump why the hell are you always criticising Obama" Because he is doing a terrible, in fact embarrassing, job!"
President Obama's "Arab Spring" is not looking so good right now!
"@Devante4LibeThink of it, the Arab League doesn't want to get involved with Syria - but they want us to do their diIf the U.S. attacks Syria and hits the wrong targets, killing civilians, there will be worldwide hell to pay. Stay away and fix broken U.S.
Our country is looking very bad right now!
Eliot Spitzer has failed at everything he has ever done, and now he wants to be comptroller. Thrown out of politics and off of TV, CRAZY!
Each time I see one of Anthony Weiner's television ads for mayor I ask, what the hell is he doing just wasting money &amp, time-go get a job!
In war, the elememt of surprise is sooooo impo"@libe"@bdeal10: @realDonaldTrump you should be our next President. This country would be in much better shape if you would have run in 2012!"True"
We have given Syria so much time and information-there has never been such an instance in waWhy isn't the Arab League paying for everything and sending troops? They want us to do their diThe Arab League stated that it wants nothing to do with an attack on Syria, but they want us to attack.Are our leaders insane or just stupid
It is truly amateur hour at the White House - and this is why we should not be doing the "war thing" right now!
President Obama's weakness and indecision may have saved us from doing a horrible and very costly (in more ways than money) attack on Syria!
Did anyone notice that Obama failed to get a coalition of other countries to go along with us. He couldn't even get Britain! NO LEADERSHIP.
Be prepared, there is a small chance that our horrendous leadership could unknowingly lead us into World War III.
China is already preparing to benefit economically from this mess. They will pick up the pieces and make yet another fo"Obama now just wants to save face, Russia is now telling him "don't do it". He waited too long and the other side is much better prepared."
Who are our generals that are allowing this fiasco to happen right before our eyes. Call it the "PLENTY OF NOTICE WAR
For the first time in the history of military operations a country has broadcast what, when and where they will be doing in a future attack!
How bad has our "leader" made us look on Syria. Stay out of Syria, we don't have the leadership to win wars or even strategize.
If Obama attacks Syria and innocent civilians are huIs everyone seeing how incompetently our country is being run by watching the mess with Syria? Our leaders don't know what they are doing!
The ratings of The Cycle on MSNBC, a sad and pathetic show, are way down. If they fired racist moron @Toure, a truly stupid guy, they live!
Perve"@Reuschal: @realDonaldTrump how do you know those kids will never work?" I know!"
So, a woman in Chicago, who never had a job, has 9 kids with 7 different men (she is one of many). These kids will never work. Trouble!
"@Fa@benfromdallas Thanks Ben.
I hope everyone read the brilliant aIn that @TimeWarner has @HBO with really dumb racist Bryant Gumbel(and I mean dumb), and no CBS (which fired Bryant), I am switching bldgs.
“Sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward.” - @VinceMcMahon
"Via @HeraldWeekly by Lauren Odomirok: "Trump, Norman play renovated golf course" What a shame that @msnbc’s ratings have sunk even lower in 2013. Prime time down 50%. @TheRevAl's are (cont) What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval.
Congress must protect our borders first. Amnesty should be done only if the border is secure and illegal immigration has stopped.
Thx Mark--I appreciate your words about the school. You sound like you're doing well--happy for you. @businessinsider "@Agustin_Gil: @realDonaldTrump are you planning to visit Uruguay as soon as Punta del Este Tower is done? I'd like to get my books signed.Y"
If Christian Bale turned down $50M to return as Batman he should have his head examined. What was he thinking?!
The Yankees are sure lucky George Steinbrenner is not around. A lot of people would be losing their jobs.
"Via @amspec by Jeffrey Lord: "Is Eric Schneiderman a Crook?" What a great writer &amp, researcher--amazing story. Wow, @CNBC ratings are really low, worst in many years. I guess I'll have to sta@tanjas_world Tanja--never give up!
The United States needs to fix its own problems, of which there are many, first!
Let the Arab League take care of Syria. Why are these rich Arab countries not paying us for the tremendous cost of such an attack?
If we are going to continue to be stupid and go into Syria (watch Russia), as they say in the movies, SHOOT FIRST AND TALK LATER!
I wonder what the great generals like Patton, the big M, or Robe@walaa_3ssaf No, dopey, I would not go into Syria, but if I did it would be by surprise and not blu"@JanusDcjavu: @realDonaldTrump the one who talks much, does nothing" Except make 10 billion dollars - go get a job dumbass!"
That said, the rich Arab countries should get involved with the Syrian mess, not us.We should staWhy do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack Syria. Why can't we just be quiet and, if we attack at all, catch them by surprise?
I give the President's speech a 7 on the scale of 0 to 10! Not bad but room for improvement!
Why would anyone think Obama would attack Syria the day of his speech in Washington. He doesn't want to detract from his press &amp, glory.
"@tjstoudt "I really want @realDonaldTrump to speak at Libe@latoyajackson Thanks La Toya!
Do not settle for remaining in your comfo"A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.” - Gen. Douglas MacA.@tracegallagher and @FredTecce discussing my case on @FoxNews “You owe it to yourself and to your community to make your propeThe misery of Obama’s economic policies. US households with unemployed parent was at record high in 2011 Remember, all these ‘freedom fighters’ in Syria want to fly planes into our buildings.
Congratulations to @marklevinshow on ‘The LibeCongrats to @TimTebow on making @Patriots’ first cut. Stay strong and positive! We are all rooting for you.
Josh8J4 "@realDonaldTrump I have a dream that you will be president to make this country great again. #USA" Thank you.
Young entrepreneurs – in an economic climate like this only the strong survive. You can do it. Think Big!
Watch @ FoxNews’ @ShannonBream, @LisWiehl &amp, former prosecutor Doug Burns destroy ridiculous lawsuit Via @ WSOC_TV: “Blair Miller talks with Donald Trump about Charlotte ventures” "@bingato "@realDonaldTrump At least Doral will be great again!!!" That's true!"
I have a dream that our country will be great again! #DreamDay
As I predicted long ago, the war in Iraq was a disaster for the U.S. Heading for civil war, there are bombings all over the place.Iran happy
"Via @HamptonsMag: "@IvankaTrump Talks Hamptons Lifestyle with Emmy Rossum" Kate is donating a #kidney to her husband .@FoxNews legal analyst &amp, former prosecutor @kimguilfoyle destroyed hack Schneiderman’s suit on @FNTheFive yesterday.She’s very sharp!
See @IvankaTrump on the cover of @HudsonMOD? View the digital edition: There has been a systematic targeting of the Tea Pa"The lightweight hack Schneiderman told Ivanka that the “case is weak" and more. Meets with Obama &amp, then files one day later."
Has AG Schneiderman been exto@Givens1964 Very cool, thanks.
I hope the NY tax payer appreciates the millions Schneiderman is about to waste on a small case. I will litigate to victory.
"See Schneiderman admit he spoke with Obama about “ongoing investigations." Thug Politics. Lightweight hack Schneiderman meets with Obama on Thursday, then brings frivolous suit on Saturday.
My @foxandfriends int. destroying Schneiderman’s frivolous suit which he brought after meeting Obama on Thurs. "Via @todayshow: "Trump: Attorney general behind lawsuit a 'total lightweight'" Via @AmSpec by Jeffrey Lord: “New Obama Scandal Erupts: Trump Targeted” "Via @InverurieHerald: "Trump’s new course plans on display" Why isn’t AG Schneiderman going after Democrat Jon Corzine and the $1.4 billion that is “missing?”
Amazing! AG Schneiderman sues a school w/ a 98% approval rating but doesn’t go after billion $ fraudsters all over Wall St.
I really enjoyed doing the show circuit this AM discussing lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman &amp, the terrible job he has done for NY.
Gov. Cuomo's Moreland Comm should be looking at AG Schneiderman shaking down those under investigation/ in litigation for campaign $$$
Fox and Friends
Wow, l just found out that A.G. Schneiderman met with President Obama in Syracuse on Thursday --- and sued me on Saturday! Same as IRS etc.
What did our very stupid &amp, ineffective A.G. Eric Schneidean, during his trips to MY office, tell me about President Obama &amp, Governor Cuomo?
"After years of long stops then sta@jeffgonyea The AHow can an Attorney General ask for campaign contributions during his evaluation of a case - a total sleazebag!
Why did lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman come to my office on numerous occasions begging for campaign contributions? Also, recent asks?
Why is it that Eric Schneiderman is considered a lightweight by so many and has failed to go after Jon Corzine and big abusers for billions?
Why did failing A.G. Eric Schneiderman, after years of looking, file his pathetic lawsuit on a SATURDAY afternoon (unheard of)? No case!
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman, who has been a total failure in office, failed to repo@nikkio Thank you.
"@MattEChase: @realDonaldTrump extoLightweight NYS Attorney General Eric Schneiderman is trying to exto@Obs3shyn Thanks, it was fun and amazing!
"@theBARBAshop: maybe ill go to Macy's and buy a @realDonaldTrump shi@NickFaldo006 Sir Nick is not only a great player, he is a great guy -and, by the way, doing a fantastic job for CBS!
"@RobeAnyway, I’m all about jobs &amp, the economy &amp, making America great again. We’re falling fast!
John McCain couldn’t get him to release “it” and neither could Hillary Clinton—but Donald did!
People should be proud of the fact that I got Obama to release his biWhy are people upset w/ me over Pres Obama’s bi“To keep your momentum going you must have intrinsic values as well as monetary values. Know when to give back.” – Think Big
With the whacko perve@TonyCatering @TrumpTowerNY Thanks!
If Stop &amp, Frisk is struck down by the pandering NYC politicians, increases in crime &amp, eventual terrorist attacks will be on them.
Time flies it’s @TrumpTowerNY’s 30th anniversary. To celebrate we made this video highlighting its amazing history- One of Obama’s greatest failures will be his legacy of making millions completely dependent on government handouts, not work.
"Via @Breitba"Via @EveningExpress: "Images of Donald Trump’s 2nd NoRe Miss Universe Pageant, we’ve spoken w/the LGBT community in Russia who asked “please don’t leave, it would send the wrong signal.”
"@lovefamously: @realDonaldTrump please can you @gabrielsherman Roger Ailes never called me about your piece on him Gabriel. He is a very sma@jamester49 Good luck.
“Leadership is perhaps the key to getting any job done.” – The A"Donald Trump to Chris Christie: Don’t hire @stuaWith Democrats Spitzer, Danger-Weiner &amp, Filner, which pa@TxSi Happy BiIt’s Wednesday. How many times will A-Rod sue the @Yankees today? A-Rod has no one to blame but himself for his predicament.
Congress must defund ObamaCare. It is destroying Medicare and breaking promises to our Seniors, including veterans.
.@AlexSalmond Heatwave in Scotland makes wind turbines useless. Big problem, expensive mess.
NYC politicians better stop pandering--ending stop &amp, frisk would be a disaster. "No Question' Violent Crime Will Rise If Program (Stop &amp, Frisk) Is Stopped” - @NY_POLICE Commissioner Ray Kelly"
Glad to see that the Egyptian Army is releasing Mubarek. As we see, Obama never should have abandoned him. He was an ally.
Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach is one of the most exclusive &amp, elite clubs in the world w/award winning amenities "Via @pressjournal by Ann-Marie Parry: "Plans revealed for course named after Trump’s mother" Had a great time on @gretawire last night. Greta always does great interviews.
The hatchet job in @NYMag about Roger Ailes is total bullshit. He is the ultimate winner who is surrounded by a great team. @FoxNews
.@AlexSalmond If a country wants to rapidly destroy its economy, I have an idea--just put up subsidized wind (cont) "@rwgooch: @realDonaldTrump Why does Fox continue to bring on Karl Rove?" A total waste of ai"@bendreyfuss: @realDonaldTrump Thank you donald! tHis country needs you! Please run in 2016! Busines is what America is failing at!"
Obama’s own gun study proves gun control is ineffective "@reklaw78: @realDonaldTrump I read on Wikipedia that you and Bryant Gumbel were roommates in college." No, I went to a much better school!"
You must admit that Bryant Gumbel is one of the dumbest racists around - an arrogant dope with no talent. Failed at CBS etc-why still on TV?
GRETA IN A FEW MINUTES-on Fox.
I will be doing Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight at 10 PM on Fox News, talking about China &amp, Mitt's failed campaign team.
ObamaCare is an absolute disaster which will destroy 16% of the economy and ultimately more!
It’s Tuesday. How many terrible predictions and advice will Karl 1.6% Rove make today?
NYC is under constant threat from Jihadists &amp, violent criminals. Stop &amp, Frisk keeps streets &amp, subways safe.Stand strong Ray Kelly
Our country needs to reestablish the work ethic. In NY, welfare pays better than jobs .@stuaWith @stua.@MattBevin: As someone well versed in job creation and the Private Sector, if you lie on your resume, You’re Fired!
Our great project in South America, Trump Tower Punta Del Este in Uruguay, will have spectacular views and the... Chicago is a shooting disaster-they should immediately go to STOP AND FRISK. They have no choice, hundreds of lives would be saved!
.@NY_POLICE Commissioner Ray Kelly has done a top job keeping NYC safe. Stop &amp, Frisk has been a critical tool for the NYPD.
Be sure to check @fundanything to see my picks #TrumpAdvice "@Clarko76: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump my girlfriend and I just getting booked up for your hotel in soho. Looking forward to a great stay."
So, lets get this right. Steve Jobs dies and leaves his wife everything-billions of dollars. Now his wife has a boyfriend (lover). Oh Steve!
Re-build the United.States not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
Let the Arab countries take care of Egypt-they have more to gain and plenty of money..It's time for the U.S. to stop being stupid.NO DOLLARS
We must leave "stop and frisk" for A-Rod and Anthony Weiner!
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp, shi“Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.” – Dale Carnegie
Keep an open mind--business is a creative endeavor. Strive for innovative ideas.
See problems as a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge---and remember to keep focused on your goals.
"@RobeMy motto is: ‘Never give up.’ I follow this very strictly. I do not let problems and challenges stop me, they are normal.
Obama' ststement on Egypt was terrible and dumb-now being used by military as a rallying cry-our foreign policy is worst in U.S. history.
Can’t wait for @DylanByers’ follow up @politico piece discussing my large Sunday news shows ratings win because of my interview!
NIELSEN RATINGS: 1.@ThisWeekABC, 2.52 viewers, 6 SHR,1.91My interview with @ThisWeekABC w/@GStephanopoulos destroyed all Sunday competition w/ 2.52M total viewers...that’s why they want me on!
Myself with mother and father at New York Military Academy. See, I can be very military. High rank!... “Good communicators control space.” – Roger Ailes, ‘You Are The Message,’@FoxNews
My @Newsmax_Media int. with @SteveMTalk on my Iowa @theFAMiLYLEADER speech, @jonkarl, 2016 &amp, Benghazi .@GOP HOUSE LEADERSHIP – ESTABLISH SELECT COMMITTEE ON BENGHAZI. THERE IS A MASSIVE COVERUP.
"Mark Levin's @marklevinshow 'The Libe@Show5783 Who knows?
740 Park Avenue is being robbed all over the place--we come down hard on thieves at Trump buildings.
"@RyneCPL "@realDonaldTrump Just finished #TheA@amp_abirpatel Midas Touch, by Donald J. Trump &amp, @theRealKiyosaki
"@SharonDepp: @realDonaldTrump Love Ivankas Style....Simply Classic &amp, Beautiful &amp, Very Sma@lcamp34 Thanks.
Things happen that make you question whether you should keep going. As long as you are enjoying what you are doing, keep going.
Congrats @adamcarolla on #RoadHard raising $1M on @fundanything, a record.
In Miami tracking @TrumpDoral’s $250M renovations. Will be America's top resoDon’t be easily pleased with yourself or with anything else. Be tough &amp, fight to keep your standards high. -Think Like a Champion
“When your brand begins to build, you too will be faced with oppo"Republicans have very strong hand in their fight against Obamacare-lets see if they are willing and able to play it "tuff"!"
Looks like Anthony Weiner Is through-most recent poll has him deeply in last place. GOOD NEWS
“If it doesn't sell, it isn't creative.” - David Ogilvy
More on Benghazi cover up: “ATTORNEY FOR WHISTLEBLOWER: 400 U.S. MISSILES STOLEN IN BENGHAZI” Obama has exempted businesses, his staff and all of Congress from ObamaCare. Why is he still forcing the monstrosity on the U.S.?
Re @TWC TimeWarner, I am going to be switching many of my buildings to another service—this is ridiculous!
I missed the PGA Championship because it was not broadcast by TimeWarner @TWC. Why aren’t they giving subscribers major discounts?
.@SenMikeLee refuted every point Karl 1.6% Rove made on the need to defund ObamaCare.Must listen The Patch, a total loser for @AOL, will be a good deal compared to @HuffingtonPost. @ariannahuff laughs at “stupid” Armstrong!
Congrats to @mboyle1 of @Breitba@RoyalStr8tFlush Wow, good competition!
Still a buyer’s market but somewhat fragile. Be sure to calculate the risk of rising rates coming sooner than you think!
.@TrumpChicago is the Windy City's sole skyscraper to feature a 4 star hotel, 4 star restaurant &amp, spa "@jwhu@BlazeBluntsky Thanks.
Good.morning, I'm going to work!
"@ForeverMcIn: @realDonaldTrump Will I have the oppoNot only is @Toure a racist (and boring), he's a really dumb guy!
Did the poor but smaThe failing @HuffingtonPost and dopey @ariannahuff are writing so much false junk about me-they just can't get enough! BE CAREFUL.
Make your life as groundbreaking as possible, while also minding the tides and riptides around you." - Think Like a Champion
Congratulations to @JasonDufner on winning the PGA championship. Great job!
“Money may not grow on trees, but it does grow from talent, hard work, and brains.” – Think Like a Billionaire
I can't believe that in New York we can't watch the PGA Championsip on CBS. How .much discount is Time Warner giving its customers?
“Watch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack.” - General George S. Patton
Eliot had a terrible debate performance this morning against Scott Stringer. He can’t spin his failing and contemptible public record.
The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available at @Macys, is the pinnacle of style and prestige Thank you @GolfMagazine for putting my Scotland course on your cover and a Top 100 course in the world. Colin Montgomerie @montgomeriefdn You are not only a great golfer, you are doing a great job of commentary @GolfChannel
First Minister @AlexSalmond will be destroying the beauty of Scotland with his insane desire for bird killing wind turbines.
.@AlexSalmond is making a truly stupid mistake by forcing ugly industrial wind turbines down Scotland’s throat –he's hated for it.
If the gov't shuts down, it is because Obama wants to make working Americans buy ObamaCare while businesses and gov't are exempt.
If FM @AlexSalmond needs to litter Scotland w/ ugly industrial wind turbines to gain independence, he will lose! FACT – the reason why Americans have to worry about a government shutdown is because Obama refuses to pass a budget.
Re: hiring contractors, remember the cheapest isn't always the best. Their work may have to be redone &amp, they may not be reliable.
In the latest poll, Danger-Weiner’s numbers have sunk. I wonder how Carlos handled the stress? He is one whacko sicko sexter.
I will be addressing a fantastic Ames crowd at tomorrow's @bobvanderplaats’ @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit .@AScottPGA Really solid playing--keep going!
.@JustinRose99 Great playing--we are proud of you!
"Via @TheBrodyFile: "Iowa Evangelical Leader Says Donald Trump Is Bold And Transparent" Blackdog, Scotland, sta@aa_newey Thanks.
Sleepy eyes @chucktodd, when looking at my financial filings, should’ve said “Great job Mr. Trump, Sir.”
Doesn’t dummy @chucktodd realize that when I considered running for president, I filed financial papers showing unbelievable numbers.
Sleepy eyes @chucktodd—one of the dumbest voices in politics-- is angry that I’m doing @ThisWeekABC.
Obama should meet with Putin snd convince him to do what is good for the U.S. It's called good dealmaking or, simply, leadership! Cajole.
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp, shiBeing true to yourself equals being true to your brand.That’s the solid foundation that will keep your brand flourishing. -Midas Touch
Just a few days until I keynote at @bobvanderplaats’ @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit in Iowa “It’s a good idea to take your own pulse once in a while instead of focusing on what the masses are doing.” – Think Like a Champion
Patience is the greatest of all vi"Get respect, and do not give a damn if people like you." --Think Big
“Definiteness of purpose is the sta@flowergirl56 Thanks.
Do not underestimate yourself, and know you are able to handle what comes your way by increasing your leverage.
Ft. Hood Jihadi Nidal Hassan has been paid over $300g in Army salary while on trial. His victims are deprived of any benefits...
.@VanityFair’s 2013 dwindling sales continue to sink at an even faster record rate under Graydon Ca@GodfreyGR Thanks Ian.
.@TrumpSoHo features a striking glass walled building w/ loft inspired interiors The Trump Organization is honored to have been awarded the redevelopment of The Old Post Office. Will be DC's finest hotel.
Trump Finalizes Agreement For Trump International Hotel, The Old Post Office Building, Washington, D.C." Excited to be keynoting @bobvanderplaats’ @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit in Iowa this Saturday "@ilerios97: @realDonaldTrump SIXTEEN is amazing!!!! The best dinner I've ever had in my life!!!" Thanks,best in Chicago!
“Be tough, be sma“I’ve found that people work harder when they are held accountable, and their confidence rises along with that.” – Midas Touch
"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else."Albe"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most ce@J4K9FLATLEY Thanks Jake.
Why has all time hits leader Pete Rose paid a 20 year price whrn A-Rod gets 200 game penalty. It's time to let Pete into The Hall of Fame!
The Old Post Office building in Washington (D.C.) will soon be transformed into one of the great hotels anywhere in the world-lots of jobs!
We.signed our deal to take over the historic Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Ave. from the U.S. and conve"Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often."--Mark Twain"
Take your work seriously, take yourself less seriously. It’s a great recipe for some good times &amp, great memories.
OmikronDreamer "@realDonaldTrump do you wear your own ties?" Yes.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as impo"Donald Trump’s "Via @BW: "Thomas Jefferson, Donald Trump Share Love of Grapes in Virginia" "@tamilasami The key word is "yet." Keep at it, never give up.
Do not settle for remaining in your comfoA good question for would-be entrepreneurs to ask themselves: What am I pretending not to see? There are a lot of oppo@Icallbullsh_t Please send info to 725 Fifth Ave, N.Y. 10022. Thanks.
"@Kelley_1968: @realDonaldTrump we hit 3,000 VIEWS today for #BREAST #CANCER- KNOW you care! PLEASE @GallenofMilk13 Great going.
"@Gfeorg: @realDonaldTrump I think I'm anticipating the next season of Celebrity Apprentice more than the sta“History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Less than ten days until I keynote @bobvanderplaats’ @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit. Tix going fast.Keystone XL should be approved but more impoDo as I say, not as I do. Obama just granted a special ObamaCare exemption for all Congress "Over 35 CIA operatives were on the ground in Benghazi the night of the 9.11 attack "If once you forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens, you can never regain their respect and their esteem." Abraham Lincoln"
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp, shi@Nautilus916 @1986Fed Wrong!
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined."- Henry David Thoreau
Isn't it sad the way Putin is toying with Obama regarding Snowden. We look weak and pathetic. Could not happen with.a strong leader!
I’m on @ETonlineAle@Nick_Botha Thank you.
Eliot better have a great pre-nup—I want to help Silda in her negotiation.
People don’t know that Eliot’s father is very rich. Eliot likes to pretend he’s poor to appeal to voters.
Wow! Does Eliot Spitzer have a girlfriend? This is getting exciting.
If you don't do your pa"@doug_barnard "@realDonaldTrump You should Vine more often, they're great! #trumpvine" Thanks!
It is a great victory for NYC that A-Rod will never wear pinstripes again.
I am getting worried about Chris @hardball_chris Matthews. Is he drinking again?
Chris @hardball_chris Matthews ratings are at new historic lows. He is single-handedly destroying the entire @msnbc channel.
Snowden is handing over to Russia a treasure trove of intel. Our politicians are incapable of dealing!
A sad day for America with Snowden being granted asylum in Russia. Putin is laughing at Obama.
Be sure to keep following announcements on the development of Trump International Golf Club Dubai. Will be spectacular.
My @SteveDeaceShow int. on China, the economy and my upcoming keynote at @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit "@willeshirey "@realDonaldTrump so proud to be going to your alma mater you sma"@kaplunm "@realDonaldTrump thoughts on Snowden being granted asylum in Russia?" No respect for U.S. by Russia."
I wonder who @ArsenioHall's first guest will be---- his show will be great!
Who knew this innocent kid would grow into a monster? #TBT #Trump “What the mind can conceive and believe, and the hea"When I jokingly said "bring back Steve Jobs to run Apple" because Apple has not been doing well, the haters &amp, losers had a field day! Sad."
Now with the Danger-Weiner campaign dead, time to focus on crazy Eliot Spitzer. A man who has never earned 10 cents in his life.
Just like @Yankee organization, I can’t wait for @MLB to suspend A-Rod. Will be a great day for the spo"@Klassnik "i survive on bread, water and @realDonaldTrump's essential tweets" Great!"
Obama believes Benghazi is a “phony scandal.” Nothing phony about Americans being killed by Islamists.
Surprise? 1970’s global cooling alarmists were pushing same no-growth liberal agenda as today’s global warming Great piece by @EWErickson @RedState exposing how Karl 1.6% Rove cooked a poll in suppo@Irene1969 Have a great day.
I will be on ON THE RECORD @gretawire tonight at 10 pm
Be sure to listen to my interview on tonight’s @SteveDeaceShow. Steve is a terrific guy!
Defund it, or own it. If you fund it, you're for it." - @SenMikeLee
"Via @PostSpo"Trump: Something ‘mentally wrong’ with Weiner" Looking forward to keynoting @bobvanderplaats’ @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit. Tickets selling out Congratulations to @DianeSawyer on her big ratings win for the evening news. Diane is a spectacular person.
Poll numbers have nosedived for perve@not_that_actor Thank you Andy!
Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing!
"Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a woThe best way out is always through. - Robe@Oloch3 Thanks.
Trust in God and be true to yourself." Mary MacLeod Trump"Know everything you can about what you're doing." Fred C. Trump
The Golden Rule of Negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules.
Negotiation tip: Be reasonable &amp, flexible. Being open to change could lead you into a fo@tuserious854 I love what I do. You have to have passion for your work in order to be successful. That's number one.
Negotiation tip: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. Try to create a win/win situation.
Negotiation tip: Be patient, be persistent, be stubborn. Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself.
"@ekokurn: @Chef_KayyArrDee Wow--great! Thanks.
"@JaminCoolJ "@realDonaldTrump Donald, out of all the reso“Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.” - Vince Lombardi
I'm at Trump National DC @TrumpGolfDC watching the #2013JuniorPGA championship--fantastic young players! @ThePGAofAmerica.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you'll be a success." - A. Schweitzer
Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
"@BBKdayspa: @realDonaldTrump: I'm busy reading 'The Midas Touch' and its so inspiring! Thank you Donald Trump and Robe@RonaldFasshauer True!
"@kathykphillips: @realDonaldTrump ...It's Sunday night and I'm missing Celebrity Apprentice in a bad way! We sta@colinth21 Thanks Colin.
The U.S. is now "begging" Russia to give back Edward Snowden. In a letter they promised no death penalty for the traitor. No respect!
Druggie @AROD is now scheming to sue the @Yankees. He will go down as the biggest spoThe new reality – China’s demand for oil now controls the market "@JohnTorcasio: @realDonaldTrump is what happened to Detroit a good thing (long term) ??? It has been sliding for decades." Incompetence"
The 250 million dollar construction of Trump Nationsl Doral is coming along great. Just left Miami where I toured entire project.AMAZING!
On the sands of Playa Brava, waves will reflect on walls &amp, circular architecture of Trump Tower Punta del Este Getting ready to leave @TrumpDoral and the brand new Blue Monster course--it's unbelievable!
“Learn to think continentally.” - Alexander Hamilton
Trump: Weiner a 'Sick Puppy' That NYC Doesn't Need" In beautiful Miami inspecting the progress of @TrumpDoral’s $250 million conversion into the country's #1 resoDon't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. That's a sho"@MikeMcHale09 "@realDonaldTrump Wouldn't you agree, that Apple is falling off without visionary Steve Jobs?" Yes.
Mar-a-Lago is Florida’s most lavish and exclusive private club and spa with world class amenities “There are no environments where you're only going to win, because life just isn't like that.” - Bobby Orr
I've just sta"@alanzaniewski: @realDonaldTrump this is the best vine ever!!! @anthonyweiner" Thank you-another daily change to technology!"
Isn’t it sad that Weiner’s first press conference with wife Huma was yesterday admitting to a sext he made post-resignation &amp, apology!
Congrats to Senator McConnell and @TheTeaPaLooking forward to my Iowa visit at @bobvanderplaats’ @theFAMiLYLEADER Summit I can’t believe Apple isn’t moving faster to create a larger iPhone screen. Bring back Steve Jobs!
For the sake of New York City, all recent sexting victims of Anthony ‘Carlos Danger’ Weiner should come forward.
My comment last March - “Anthony Weiner is a sick perveMy @gretawire int. on Obama’s falling poll numbers, Americans losing incentive to work and Weiner’s sexting "@prisih91 "In love with The best book that i ever read ! @realDonaldTrump "why we want you to be rich" and Robe"@SonsofReagan "@realDonaldTrump Please post a Daily #Vine saying 'Obama You're Fired'! Thank You!"
Today Obama will give another speech on the economy. Tomorrow our country will still be $17T+ in debt with 18% real unemployment.
Why is @AlexSalmond pursuing environment destroying windmills when @VattenfallGroup quit because of no (cont) "@stevenfarris "@realDonaldTrump Great interview with Greta! "America has lost incentive!" " Thanks and true."
We all know that chess is a game of strategy. So is business. Think about that and develop a strategy sta".@Ynberg: Long term goal &gt,&gt,&gt, to be the black @realDonaldTrump 4real".Great Dean, and you will make it!"
“Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway.”- John Wayne
More and more repo"@Jess_Wiliem98: @realDonaldTrump I really love reading your books. You should write more books!" Thanks!"
Vattenfall, the promoter of the money losing wind farm plan in Aberdeen, Scotland, just took a loss of $4.6 billion after dumb European move
Bloomberg News - Spain's renewable projects, lead by money losing wind turbines, facing bankruptcy. Hopefully Scotland is watching!
Greta in a few minutes-will be interesting!
"@Ravens4life27: I wonder if I can get a bi@DurangoRick Thank you:-)
On Anthony Wiener, I TOLD YOU SO!
Remember, Anthony Wiener continued sending sick pics. long after his resignation from Congress and his apology-zero control over himself!
As I told everyone once before, Wiener is a sick puppy who will never change-100% of perve"@realJamesScott: @realDonaldTrump what are your thoughts on Weiner's press conference?" Wiener is seriously sick and will never change!"
"@rexrode_lisa "@realDonaldTrump you date girls young enough to be your daughter.That's perve@sepamu @rainnwilson Citizen Kane, Gone with the Wind, The Good the Bad and the Ugly, etc.
“To be a visionary and to be a billionaire, you have to chase impossibilities. Few ever get rich easily.” – Think Like a Billionaire
According to @pewresearch, illegal immigrants favor Dems 8:1 .@AROD is back on the DL. The coming suspension will be announced soon by @MLB.
National Review Online: Kristin Davis's LibeGreat read: “Hollywood can kiss Adam Corolla's ass, he's going Trump funding” Phil Mickelson’s final 66 round in @The_Open was amazing. Congrats on his well-deserved win. Amazing competitor &amp, a great guy!
No surprise, serial sexter Anthony continues to be a sick perveDetroit’s bankruptcy could just be the sta70 stories over Panama Bay, @TrumpPanama is the country’s first five star development. A masterpiece "@YashKandhari "@realDonaldTrump I'll say it again, your tweets are very motivational &amp, inspiring. Thank you so much" Thank you."
If you've got some problems today, that's a good sign--that's life. So give them some thought and make the most of the situation.
"Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character." --AlbeWord is that they have far more evidence on A-Rod than they have on Ryan Braun! Alex is over.
Baseball player Ryan Braun turned out to be a total con man after so vociferously proclaiming his innocence only to be guilty as.hell!
"@1_Car_Guy: @realDonaldTrump Uhm, weren't you one of the voices suppo"@poppjoe: @realDonaldTrump I've been to Shanghai airpo@Page08 True!
China is taking the oil from Iraq after we spent 1.5 trillion dollars and thousands of lives for their "freedom". Our leaders are so stupid!
500 of the most vicious prisoners escaped from an Iraq prison today. That country is a time bomb waiting to happen-a total corrupt mess!
China is building 50 brand new airpoApple is finally considering a large screen for the I-Phone-they better get moving fast. When I told them to do this last year, they scoffed
Will be on Fox &amp, Friends in 3 minutes-7.00 A.M.
Also, The Donald J. Trump Signature mattress from SEThe ties, shi"@CPa"@quickerwit: When @realDonaldTrump speaks people should listen." Thanks."
“Going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision.” – Think Big
Great read by @VDHanson: “Mexico's Hypocrisy Is Evident In Its Own Strict Policy Toward Immigrants” Our GDP has been growing less than 2% for the last 5 years. ObamaCare will slow us down even more. Has to be repealed.
ImpoSome good news for New York – Weiner has dropped 12 points in the polls &amp, that is before more of the perve@coolioneal Thanks.
".@AS_ScienceGuy "@realDonaldTrump Thank you for all your suppo@jeff__miller Thanks.
Detroit is going through very hard times right now.. If they are sma.@AndreaTantaros’s radio show is a great addition to talk radio. She is sharp, talented, &amp, great sense of humor. Congratulations.
Ranked nationally in @GolfMagazine's top 100, Trump Int'l Golf Club in Palm Beach is a 27 hole masterpiece "@YashKandhari "@realDonaldTrump Sir your tweets are truly motivational! Thanks a lot" Thank you."
In @oreillyfactor’s No Spin Zone re: ObamaCare causing unemployment, negotiating with China &amp, my $5M cou"If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy." - Dale Carnegie"
“Be flexibly focused. Focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid.” – Think Big
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to better than you ever thought you could be." - Ken Venturi
Re-run of O'Reilly on Fox NOW!
On Bill O'Reilly in 5 minutes!
For the disciples of global warming, in 150 summers (years) there have been 20 heat waves as bad or worse than current-this has happened b4!
Whether you love, like or hate Donald Trump, I will be on Bill O'Reilly (Fox) tonight at 8.00. Bill knows Trump is great for ratings!
“Labor disgraces no man, unfo@cloverc8 Thanks.
“One thing I’ve learned about the press is they’re always hungry for a good story, the more sensational the better.” - A@thompson_dustin The A“The most impo@vinceritch Thanks.
The Fed’s pumping is great news in the shoCongratulations to @KingJames on winning Athlete of the Year in last night’s @ESPYS. LeBron is also a great guy!
With an award winning course designed by Tom Fazio, Trump National Philadelphia is a 360 acre exclusive jewel Must watch – owner of a single restaurant anticipates that ObamaCare will cost over $1M for compliance ".@youngmman "@realDonaldTrump Conrad Hilton was a great man but Barron Hilton is a dope." Wrong on Barron!"
Go to @Macys now to see the incredible new selection of Trump Signature Collection ties, shi@rhino848484 My honor.
".@bigstack19 "@realDonaldTrump Does anyone actually read Rolling Stone anymore? Guess they had to create (cont) .@GOP congress needs to actually defund ObamaCare, not waste time passing non-binding resolutions.
Why is the @GOP congress focusing on amnesty when so many Americans are unemployed?
Time is on your side, things do not continue downward forever." - Think Big
We all have the capability to read, or sense, what's happening with others. It can often give you the edge (cont) "Enthusiasm is a vital element in individual success." ― Conrad Hilton
Isn't it crazy that people of little or no talent or success can be so critical of those whose accomplishments are great with no retribution
Don't talk about Rolling Stone Magazine but, most impoSad thing is Rolling Stone was (is) a dead magazine with big downward circulation and now, for them at last, people are talking about it!
"Sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on oppoThe Zimmerman trial is over. It is time to move on. While Zimmerman is no angel, he was acquitted and should be able to move on.
.@IsraeliPM @netanyahu is a resolute leader. When he sets a red line, it stands!
.@MissUSA Erin Brady is doing a fantastic job representing Trump Miss USA. SmaThe 2013 Trump @MissUniverse Pageant comes to Moscow on November 9th. Airing from Crocus City Hall on @nbc!
Only in America can a Jihadi thug who murdered women and children be nursed back to health &amp, then get a @RollingStone cover.
.@jacknicklaus has done a GREAT job as the architect of my new golf course at Ferry Point. NYC is very proud!
Fun fact for my 2M+ followers - the 'Architect' Karl Rove blew $400M in the 2012 election with a success rate of 1.6%.
Mariano Rivera is one of top @Yankees of all time. Greatest closer of all time. A true warrior. Last night's MVP award well-deserved.
Trump Tees Up Another 'Hole in One' in Scotland" "@Terrell87 "@realDonaldTrump I read your book: "Trump 101 The Way to Success" and I absolutely love it." Thanks, good luck!
Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effo"Feeling sorry for yourself is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have." Dale Carnegie"
American league wins!
"@humbe@carlosbeltran15 Great job-you are a terrific player!
"@MarkAcay: @realDonaldTrump @MichaelKaye_3 @foxandfriends All red necks &amp, bigots." Actually very sma@markodero32 Interesting.
Give a lot of credit to Carlos Beltran for developing into a terrific baseball player and total winner for the Cardinals-great going Carlos!
“He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.” - Muhammad Ali
"@IRideMa@jonyeong Don't be a fool.
Weiner and Spitzer are on top of the latest polls. A sad day for the greatest city on ea@AustinSaysThat True!
"@jaime_rg "Think Like a Billionaire. By: @realDonaldTrump. A Must-Read. Traitor Snowden has requested asylum in Russia. Why would Russia grant it? Snowden already gave them all the intel he stole!
“Do whatever it takes to improve your public-speaking skills. You’ll absolutely need them.” – Midas Touch
.@ArceePalabrica @realDonaldTrump "Midas Touch is the manual for entrepreneurs who want to succeed. Thanks for sharing your knowledge
Consumer prices rose in June due to OPEC “Most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there.” -Think Big
"Trump: Zimmerman Trial 'Traumatic Period for Country'" "Via @TheStreet by @swan_investor: "Trump Tees Up Another 'Hole in One' in Scotland" Had a great time on @IngrahamAngle this morning.
Because I will be busy doing anything other than being in the movie #RoadHard. I am not available to be in @adamcarolla's new movie #RoadHard.bit.ly/roadhardmovie
Just found out that at a charity auction of celebrity po“A brand is not a logo. A brand is the promise you put out there and the experience you deliver.” – Midas Touch
Obama will eventually approve the Keystone XL pipeline--has to happen but it is very late!
“Learn, work, and think in equal propoNow A-Rod doesn’t even show up to his single-A rehab games. Maybe the @Yankees will get lucky and @MLB will suspend A-Rod.
ObamaCare will cost 3 times as much as Obama promised – $2.6T Ready to get mad?! We are sending foreign aid to China, our greatest threat Be careful – sexting perveEliot Spitzer’s illegal, frivolous &amp, over reaching harassment of Hank Greenberg at AIG played a major paAll NYC needs is the mentally unstable Elliot Spitzer in office again.
Via @411mania: "Donald Trump Comments on a Return to Wrestling" My @foxandfriends int. on the Zimmerman trial &amp, verdict, courage of the jury and reactions! "@milescstewa"@brooklynvd: @realDonaldTrump is my favourite person on twitter."Thank you-my honor!
"@jbazkmoMy son @EricTrump and @LaraLeaYunaska just announced their engagement. Great news! A wonderful couple!
"@KindofABD: Who would have guessed that @realDonaldTrump would be the sma@HelenPferdehiZimmerman is no angel but the lack of evidence and the concept of self-defense, especially in Florida law, gave the jury little other choice
Spitzer failed as A.G., failed as Governor in disgrace, and was fired on all T.V. shows (boring and zero ratings), and he's at it again!
I would invite Edward Snowden to be a judge at the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow but would be concerned that he would sell results early!
"@EEpplin: @ca@EvanSMSolutions Good luck!
Perhaps Miss USA can lure Snowden back?
I wonder if traitor Edward Snowden will be attending the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow on November 9th.
Russia should hand over Snowden to the U.S. but they are having too much fun taunting our leaders.
"@FranzThompson: @LOUISFANUCCHIIV Go vote and suppo@mikefavreece Thanks!
A woman is suing one of my businesses despite the fact that she loved her classes. Our legal system is a mess. Watch- “Destiny has a pa"Trump’s Menie golf resoVia CBSWashDC: “114-Year-Old DC Building a Step Closer to Becoming Trump’s Latest Hotel” “Action is the foundational key to all success.” - Pablo Picasso
“Real estate is at the core of almost every business, and it's ce.@TrumpDoral’s record $200M renovations are on schedule. The hotel remains open for guests, events and conferences. "@mballance: The best bi@IAMAASHKA Thanks, it will be great.
Snowden has given serious information to China and Russia-anyone who thinks otherwise is a dope! He is a traitor who fled-he knew the crime!
Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on. Do not dwell on failure. StaDerek Jeter’s rehab assignment is progressing on schedule. He's a true @Yankees captain. Look forward to seeing him back on the field
Lying traitor Snowden now claims that he did not give any information to the Russians or Chinese. Why doesn’t he come home then?
“A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Why should ObamaCare be delayed for businesses and not working families? With premiums rising at record levels, it is not equitable.
Just as I predicted, ObamaCare is a complete disaster which is failing on its own. May never be fully implemented.
Getting rid of the moInteresting...the last time a Democrat succeeded a two-term Democratic pres. was in 1836 when Mavia .@JoselynMaCongratulations to Gretchen Carlson on her big move to hosting an afternoon solo show this fall on @FoxNews.
Great news that @ehasselbeck will be joining @foxandfriends. Elisabeth is a tremendous person and will be missed on @theviewtv.
Looking forward to a press conference today about @adamcarolla on @fundanything movie project #roadhard .@IamStevenT visited me at @TrumpTowerNY- what a great guy! Trump International Hotel &amp, Tower Vancouver will include Vancouver’s first pool bar nightclub &amp, Trump Spa "@JoselynMa"@Brewjo32: @realDonaldTrump reading The ATHE HILL’S TWITTER ROOM: Trump: Spitzer, Weiner turning New York into ‘perve@JoshuaMelhorn Thanks.
With the two wacko perve"@888maggie888: @realDonaldTrump @FKTrey Reading The Donald Tweets and wise words are essential to my morning routine. #Greatest" Thanks M."
Spitzer never made 10 cents on his own-he worked for his very rich father (a friend of mine who never thought much of Eliot as a businessman
Eliot Spitzer was a horrible Governor and A.G. who ruined many good people and cost the Country billions of dollars in losses (and jobs).
It probably was not drugs that caused the San Fran crash, but why aren't they testing - who knows?
The San Fran crash was totally the pilot's fault - may be too late for drug testing, RIDICULOUS!
What took investigators so long to interview the pilots of Asiana San Fran crash? WHY NO DRUG TESTS FOR PILOTS-they were really "off".
.@TIME Magazine should definitely pick David Pecker to run things over there - he'd make it exciting and win awards!
“Winners never quit and quitters never win.” - Vince Lombardi
Must read editorial co-written by @weeklystandard editor William Kristol &amp, @NRO editor @RichLowry ‘Kill the Bill’ Pakistani intelligence had full knowledge that Bin Laden was living in Abbottabad. They were sheltering him.
It’s Tuesday. How much money will Karl Rove waste today trying to push amnesty through the House?
“You don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal.” – The ATrump Organization's first project in India, Trump Towers Pune, will epitomize inspired living and timeless elegance Too bad @morningmika did not allow her interview with @SpitzerForNYC to go on another few minutes...would have been interesting...
With Spitzer &amp, Anthony Weiner running for office, New York is perve“A failure or setback is not a defeat. Defeat is a state of mind. You are defeated only when you accept defeat.” – Think Big
Be sure to check out the new projects @fundanything "@RickHasAMa@MsLisaALevy Thank you!
Was not mentioned that we built one of the great golf courses in the world- bringing tremendous business to Scotland. Based on John Sweeney's lousy reputation, we are airing large pa"@cowpokes6369: @realDonaldTrump any word on if Celeb Apprentice is coming back for 7th season? Please give us the good news." YES!"
"The pessimist sees the difficulty in every oppo@JackOLoughlin Thanks.
Remember that things are cyclical, so be resilient, be patient, be creative, and remain positive." - Think Like a Champion
If you think big you will encounter big setbacks from time to time. What really matters is how you respond to them." - Think Big
We should not cut any aid to Egypt. Their country is in chaos and now they must form a normal civil government.
Isn’t it ironic that a lot of the wealthy environmentalists use private jets and fight wind farms being placed near their prope@MarcoCompagno You are probably correct, I am too honest to be a good politician!
‎In anticipation of ObamaCare, paBesides an award winning golf course @TrumpGolfLA features exquisite estates on top the Palos Verdes Peninsula "@hussienskaiky: @realDonaldTrump @Drake4444444 Trump Chicago, New York, Miami, Vegas, and the list goes on and on" Thanks!"
Anderson Silva just got knocked out by new champion Chris Weidman! Congrats to Chris.
Would seem that plane landed sho"@mwitchie44: @realDonaldTrump @MattGallows What r u waiting for ?U got my vote ! God knows we need someone to get in there &amp, fix it!"Thanks"
Just heard that the great Golf Week Magazine named my Trump International Golf Course-Scotland The Best Modern Day Golf Course In The World!
"@Eamyoncanoe: @realDonaldTrump Monnin was given an oppo@spence_derek I'll bet he was!
For all of those that were hoping I was wrong, and this is a very unimpo"@KimberlyARoach: @realDonaldTrump should run for president. He'd have my vote. 👍" Thanks"
Dwight Howard just signed with Houston.
To all of those who asked, I predicted two weeks ago and again last night that Dwight Howard would go to Houston.Do I get congrats-insight?
Sharks are last on my list - other than perhaps the losers and haters of the World!
Sorry folks, I'm just not a fan of sharks - and don't worry, they will be around long after we are gone.
Leaving Miami-Trump National Doral will be GREAT!
Our trade deficit just jumped in May to “the second-highest level on record” Obama-Putin Moscow meeting on 9.3-4 Stop and frisk works. Instead of criticizing @NY_POLICE Chief Ray Kelly, New Yorkers should be thanking him for keeping NY safe.
In 2011 I said that Mubarak never should have been ousted because whoever replaces him will be worse. Obama made a mistake.
"Via @nypost: "Trump’s links getting green" I just arrived in Miami where I will be checking out construction of the brand new Trump National Doral - always closely watch construction!
Nice a"@TAZZYdevil13: @realDonaldTrump When will we every catch a break ?" Only with new and smaHe would be crazy to play in L.A. - really bad coach who can't adjust to his players!
Wow, Obama Care just got delayed by over a year because it is so complicated it cannot be understood - the beginning of the end!
Oil prices just went over $100 per barrel for first time in nine months!
"@pskibbe: @realDonaldTrump Saw editorial on TV. Forcing whites out of their prope@kennymacaskill1 Thanks!
"@Mike12Currin: @realDonaldTrump how much money did Fred leave u to sta@Pourquoipas20 Good idea, will create one.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work." - Aristotle
“Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. Our ego gives us a sense of purpose.” – Think Like a Champion
“You have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing because people connect with the why.” – Midas Touch
“Get in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out.” – My father, Fred C. Trump
.@billmaher has continually degraded Catholic Church on the joke he calls a show .@Yankees are making a big mistake sending the doping @AROD to rehab assignment. Should suspend him until investigation is over.
I am honored to be receiving the American Spectator Foundation Award for excellence in entrepreneurialism in Washington DC this fall.
Instead of attacking me, Ashish J. Thakkar should worry about the culture of corruption plaguing Uganda I don’t know Dennis Kozlowski, who made Tyco into a great company &amp, then went to prison, but he’s up for parole—let him go!
Snowden, if you’re such a hero then come back home and face justice. In reality, you are just another wiseguy traitor.
Anti-Morsi protests are 10 times larger than 2011 anti-Mubarek protests. Interesting.
Trump Pue@DurangoRick Thank you!
You have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - Think Big
Yesterday Obama compared Nelson Mandela to George Washington in Africa. Do you think he really believes it?
We should be concerned about the American worker &amp, invest here. Not grant amnesty to illegals or waste $7B in Africa.
"Trump: 'Terrible traitor' Snowden embarrassing US" Congratulations to @secupp on joining @newtgingrich on @CNN’s Crossfire. Show will be excellent!
Millions protesting in Egypt for Morsi’s ouster Located in beautiful Briarcliff, NY, @TrumpNationalNY features a 7,291 yard course just 25 minutes outside NYC "Via @reason: "Donald Trump: I Can Fix America" Our thoughts and prayers are w/ the families of the 19 brave firefighters who died fighting the Arizona wildfire. God bless them.
"Via WSOC_TV: "Donald Trump's son says family thinking about expanding in uptown Charlotte" Fox and.Friends now!
Edward Snowden is absolutely killing the the U.S. with other countries!
Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen - corruption is rampant!
I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami this week to check out the $250 million renovation. In construction, always watch the money!
I am so disappointed that the Yankeed haven't terminatrd A-Rod's contract. There is no way they would not win in couJust watched Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg on 60 Minutes. She should spend more time trying to get the F stock price up &amp, less on her ego!
Everytime someone tweets that I wear a wig realize to yourself that you are dealing with "them" - just another sad &amp, lonely hater and loser!
I like doing this once a month for the haters &amp, losers (and as they know)-I don't wear a "wig". Some may not like my hairstyle, but all mine
"@MrsDaRe: @realDonaldTrump It breaks my hea@ebrumby Thank you.
What my father really gave me is a good (great) brain, motivation and the benefit of his experience-unlike the haters and losers (lazy!).
You mean the fact that my father left me some money (as a good father will) and I multiplied it many, many times to over $10 billion-is bad?
I don't get @billmaher and his terrible show - he is dumb as a rock but tries so hard to pass himself off as a great intellect. Check past!
Imagination is more impo"Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with other innovations." - Steve Jobs
Congratulations to @newtgingrich‎ on being signed to co-host @CNN Crossfire. Great move by Jeff Zucker.
Obama’s carbon tax plan will finance more windmills in America. More real estate depreciated, wildlife killed, incl. bald eagles
“Always strive to outdo yourself.” – Think Big
Situated in the heaAnother example of the destruction caused by wind turbines. Unnecessary waste--horrible! "@VolitanLioness: @realDonaldTrump I don't know Donald, but he sure has made our government look foolish!" So, who hasn't?"
How did Snowden, with not even a high school education, get access to top secret U.S. records. He then gave, or sold, those records-traitor!
Can you imagine not taking Snowden's passpo"Keep difficulties in perspective. Ask yourself "is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?"
Putin re Snowden issue “it is like shearing a pig: there’s lots of squealing and little fleece.”
Call it any way you like, but Snowden is a traitor. When our country was great do you know what we did to traitors?
“Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power.” – Lao Tzu
There are huge oppo@AGCCevents @chambe@inkinhole Very sad, isn't it!
Whether you like it or not, Bush also gave us Obama!
Remember, but for Conservatives, Bush would have given us not only RobeWhy do we always know how the four liberals are going to rule but have to think about which side the Republican judges will go.
"ObamaCare could "eat up your raise" What a surprise! Newly released audit proves that the IRS only targeted Tea Pa.@tomhanks was fabulous in @LuckyGuyPlay last night—as was the entire cast.
Located in Palm Beach, FL, historic Mar-a-Lago features 20 exquisite acres filled w/ world class amenities "@hoffers1: Just got thru reading "Time to Get Tough" by @realDonaldTrump. It's a shame more people didn't read it before this past election"
“Ability is nothing without oppoAs hard as it is to believe, sexting perveChina loved Obama’s climate change speech yesterday. They laughed! It hastens their takeover of us as the leading world economy.
Obama’s speech on climate change was scary. It will lower our standard of living and raise costs of fuel &amp, food for everyone.
“Don’t be afraid of mistakes. They can be learning tools on the way to building something great for yourself.” Think Like a Champion
Shining over Fifth Avenue, @TrumpTowerNY (a NY icon) offers a full service restaurant, bar, cafe, ice cream parlor and Gucci.
One of the most expensive projects ever in Miami @TrumpDoral’s $200M of renovations are right on schedule. When completed, will be elite!
The people of Scotland love the golf course I have built-it is now considered perhaps the greatest ever built! Thank you also to Robb Repo@michael74085825 Almost all residents love the course and the great things it has done for the community. Polls have shown 93% approval:-)
"@CariRead08: @realDonaldTrump I look forward to your wise words every day. Nice to learn from one of the best." You are very sma@BlackFridayMGT You can't even spell businessman. I use the B laws like Buffett, Kravis, Icahn, Zell etc. you dope-and learn how to spell.
New and great selection of ties, shi"@emileegorham: @realDonaldTrump I couldn't be a bigger fan! Love all you do!" Thanks Emilee!"
"@LindaSuhler: @GBrucato21 @ericbolling @realDonaldTrump Ah...I don't watch much popular TV. But I do like "The Donald." You're very smaCongratulations to our great resident of Chicago Trump Tower, Patrick Kane, @88PKane for the #StanleyCup win &amp, winning MVP of series.
If you have a hard time communicating, one way to overcome it is to turn your focus onto your audience." - Midas Touch
Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Be a collector of big ideas. Constantly fill your mind with new information." - Think Big
Looking forward to my @theFAMiLYLEADER summit visit and speech.
.@NikWallenda #Skywire As much credit as he's been given, he wasn’t given enough credit for his incredible feat over Grand Canyon.
We need to worry about the American worker first!
Unions who secure the border oppose the amnesty bill Yesterday, 15 @GOP senators sided with people who got into this country by breaking our laws.
Via @Newsmax_Media: “Trump Iowa Visit Raises 2016 Speculation” "@rbdwalker: @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr Played Trump Golf Links Scotland last week - by far the best course in the world!! Thank you."
“Some events will wipe out one person but will make another even more tenacious.” – Think Like a Champion
Our debt is about to top $17T. ObamaCare and China (&amp, others) are killing American business.
Snowden is showing how weak the U.S. has become.
We are being embarrassed by Russia and China on Snowden (and much more) yet Obama is talking about global warming on Tuesday.
Excited and honored to be addressing @theFAMiLYLEADER summit in Iowa this August. Overlooking Central Park, @TrumpNewYork brings both glamor and prestige to your Five Diamond hotel stay Via @HotelierME: Olympic golf course designer named by Trump-Damac "Via @nydailynews: "@IvankaTrump oversees new healthy room-service menu at Trump Hotels" See Charles Gasparino’s a@pbanura or Ireland?
"Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are ce@WWEfan123444 Good luck.
Receiving the @RobbRepoPutin says Russia can’t allow a weakening of its nuclear deterrent—U.S. wants to reduce—are we crazy?
Due diligence includes increasing your financial IQ daily.
The best investors are visionaries—they look beyond the present.
Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to eaAfter one of the great chokes in the history of spo"@Patti_Wavinak: @realDonaldTrump I do have to say I went to your timeline and saw you did NOT tweet that! Hope you catch the bastard!" DONE"
My people caught the person who committed "forgery" of the James Gandolfini-Obama Care phoney quote attributed to me-fraud. Arrest coming?
.@GovernorPerry stopped by to say hello. Re negotiation: Trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills. They're there for a reason.
We know who did the hoax of James Gandolfini and ObamaCare. Be careful, Mister.
James Gandolfini was a remarkable talent. He was also a decent man. We will all miss him.
“Keep your brand standard in mind, and your expansion will seem possible as well as gratifying.” – Midas Touch
Some dope said I deleted a tweet about James G. There was no tweet and there was no delete-a totally fabricated story (nobody saw tweet).
Who would really believe I would say such a thing about a guy I truly liked, James Gandolfini. Sadly, very sick people use my name.
I never made the ridiculous comment about James G. and Obama Care - somebody else put it out and attributed it to me. Not my style!
I salute all Tea PaGreat to see @SarahPalinUSA back on @FoxNews. She's a wonderful woman and commentator.
.@Ed_Klein’s book ‘The Amateur’ is out in paper back. Lots of insights.
Amazing comeback by The Heat - your friends at your favorite golf club, Trump National Doral, are proud of you. NOW for game 7!
Watch the game-really good.
Great basketball game going on right now!
Do you think Putin will be going to The Miss Universe Pageant in November in Moscow - if so, will he become my new best friend?
The Miami Heat is getting it's ass kicked - they better staThe Miss Universe Pageant will be broadcast live from MOSCOW, RUSSIA on November 9th. A big deal that will bring our countries together!
I met a Trump Twitter hater last night (well known). As he came near me he nervously said, "Mr. Trump, it is an honor to meet you sir!" Nice
Young entrepreneurs – never back down. Take the hits and get up. That’s what makes a winner.
Keep testing your limits. Never become complacent. Always think big!
All I can say is that if I were President, Snowden would have already been returned to the U.S. (by their fastest jet) and with an apology!
Snowden is doing great damage to our relations with other countries and U.S.prestige. China is laughing at us as he continues illegal action
Snowden is sitting in China and taunting the U.S. He is mocking us as a Country. Great time to place a tax on China trade if not turned over
Like it or not, haters and losers, everybody is talking about Miss U.S.A. and Miss Utah. By the way she is a fine young woman-unfair to her.
Frankly, for a writer, I don’t think @DannyZuker’s stuff is good. In fact, it’s terrible.
I own @DannyZuker, but he has his friends &amp, haters &amp, losers tweeting that he beat me. He can’t beat me at anything!
A country that does not control or respect its own borders is a country destined for failure. Secure our borders!
Trending story on Miss Utah is very unfair. She simply lost her train of thought—could happen to anyone! @MissUSA @MissUniverse
My @gretawire int. on Obama scandals not resonating, no retribution on Benghazi, Obama not being engaged "Congratulations to @EmilyMiller, @mboyle1 &amp, @NolteNC on making @FishbowlDC’s list of "10 Journos You Don't Want to Fight on Twitter."
.@GiulianaRancic &amp, @nickjonas both did a wonderful job hosting @MissUSA! Everyone loved @JonasBrothers &amp, @DJPaulyD’s performances!
The crowning moment – Conneticut’s Erin Brady winning @MissUSA 2013 Congratulations to Connecticut’s Erin Brady on being crowned the 2013 @MissUSA! America will be well-represented in @MissUniverse!
A family in Las Vegas just stopped a violent home invasion by shooting one of the perpetrators-the other fled and will be captured. Great!
We should stay the hell out of Syria, the "rebels" are just as bad as the current regime. WHAT WILL WE GET FOR OUR LIVES AND $ BILLIONS?ZERO
Happy Father's Day to all, even the haters and losers!
“Don’t find fault. Find a remedy.” – Henry Ford
Work often becomes problem solving. Problems come with the territory, and they should never surprise you." - Think Like a Champion
For an advance preview of the Miss USA 2013 contestants, as well as other show details, go to My @piersmorgan interview on Snowden the traitor, national security and China hacking us .@GiulianaRancic &amp, @nickjonas are co-hosting Miss USA 2013 -- Sunday night at 9 PM ET on NBC. @JonasBrothers will be performing. Tune in!
Watch Miss USA 2013 Sunday night at 9 PM ET. Live from Planet Hollywood, Las Vegas. Father’s Day is Sunday. Find the perfect gift.Trump Signature Collection is exclusively available @Macys .@IvankaTrump and I are looking forward to visiting Vancouver next week. Big announcement...
A friend of mine went to @CakeBossBuddy and sent me this beautiful cake which we put in the atrium of @TrumpTowerNY. Still a great time to buy residential propeIt’s Thursday. How much has OPEC ripped us off today?
Challenges present oppoThanks to everyone for your kind bi"@Jdawgnuts: @realDonaldTrump if you really thought you could have won, you would have ran." Very bad grammar (run)."
Just tried watching Modern Family - written by a moron, really boring. Writer has the mind of a very dumb and backward child. Sorry Danny!
Lightweight @DannyZuker is too stupid to see that China (and others) is destroying the U.S. economically and our leaders are helpless! SAD.
Is it a coincidence that the Middle East has blown up since Obama became president?
Why isn’t the @GOP congress doing everything possible to defund and cut ObamaCare?
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul." - General Douglas MacA"@Who_MikeJones6: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #zukerisaloser
I can't resist hitting lightweight @DannyZuker verbally when he sta.@DannyZuker Danny--You're a total loser!
Looking forward to speaking at @ralphreed’s @FaithandFreedom Gala Dinner on Friday in D.C. His staff has been great!
.@DannyZuker Danny—Let your bosses on Modern Family lend you the money to play the game. Show courage!
.@DannyZuker You’re staIf @VattenfallGroup dropped out of the economically unfeasible wind farm development in Aberdeen, who is (cont) If Snowden was such a hero then he would be in America. He is escaping justice!
I've been warning about China since as early as the 80’s. No one wanted to listen. Now our country is in real trouble. #TimetoGetTough
Wow, sexual assaults in the military have gone through the roof, far worse than anybody could have predicted!
Amazing... @VattenfallGroup tried to destroy Aberdeen.
.@VattenfallGroup has topped Carbon Data’s rankings of the most carbon-intensive companies in the EU’s emissions trading scheme.
“The risk of a wrong decision is preferable to the terror of indecision.” – Maimonides
Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Fill your mind with new information, &amp, use this information to spawn new ideas. - Think Big
Always pretend that you're working for yourself. You'll do a wonderful job. It's simple, but it works." - Think Like a Billionaire
"Via @WashTimes by @EmilyMiller: "Donald Trump says ‘This country is going to hell in a handbasket’" Congrats to @BarbaraJWalters on winning the @MadeinNY Mayor's Award for Lifetime Achievement! I love Barbara!
With so many scandals plaguing Obama, it seems that they all hit him at the right time. Could help him get away w/ all of them.
Belated congratulations to @serenawilliams on winning the French Open. A great player &amp, person!
.@TrumpGolfLA, has panoramic Pacific Ocean views, features a 7,242-yard public course designed by Pete Dye Please don’t pay attention to all of those phony tweets that mention my twitter handle relative to “diet” -- it is a total scam.
Great going to Bob Kraft &amp, Bill Belichick of the @Patriots on @TimTebow. Tim is a winner just like them!
"@MagamboA@Rosemarrisa She will run!
.@DonaldJTrumpJr and I on the 18th hole at Trump International Golf Links Scotland- “Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.” - Babe Ruth
ShiSomerset County, New Jersey SWAT Team- really fantastic people! “Worry destroys focus.” – Think Big
China is openly sailing warships in our waters &amp, arming countries in our hemisphere including Mexico A coincidence that the NSA leaker is living openly in Hong Kong?! At the same time the Chinese Pres. met with Obama in CA.
.@foxandfriends int. on gov. collecting data, whistle blower hiding in China &amp, no bikinis in Miss World pageant Via @CNNMoney by @jtotoole: “U.S. taps Donald Trump to conve"Via @Newsmax_Media: "Robb Repo@Insanepricing Lots and yes.
Canadians: My ultra luxury private plane will be featured on Sunday's episode of #MightyPlanes on @DiscoveryCanada--don't miss it at 8 ET!
Vote for your favorite @MissUSA contestant --- the 2013 #MissUSA Fan Vote at Canadians: My ultra luxury private plane will be featured on Sunday's episode of #MightyPlanes on @DiscoveryCanada--don't miss it at 8 ET!
Newsstand sales for @VanityFair, run by sleepy Graydon CaI hope everybody goes to Macy's today to get Donald J. Trump shiI'm in Scotland getting ready for a major news conference on the Great Dunes of Scotland announcing the second No“Be flexibly focused. Focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid.” – Think Big
Inspiration exists, but it must find you working." -- Pablo Picasso
We look forward to making the Old Post Office in DC one of the great hotels of the World. I feel bad for all @VanityFair employees. Every day at work, they see circulation going down as Graydon runs his bad food restaurants.
I've done the largest house sale in U.S. history by selling a Palm Beach mansion for $100M, $60M more than I paid. I love real estate.
“The Conservative does not despise government. He despises tyranny." - @marklevinshow
Stephanie Cutter Attended WH Meetings With IRS Chief Remember Trump ties &amp, shiDress your best. Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys, tops all male business attire Looking over New York City with luxurious 5 Star hotel rooms, @TrumpNewYork top dining &amp, amenities "Via @FoxSpoKern County, CA has secured $1.2B for windfarms This just in re: FundAnything and producer Brad Wyman "@mrbocce: @realDonaldTrump This Red Sox fan says let 'em keep paying! Boston.must be very happy!"
Pete Rose should now be allowed in The Baseball Hall of Fame. The all-time hits leader has paid the price already!
George Steinbrenner would have done a major number on A Rod - there is no way he would have gotten paid, even with the help of the union!
I can't believe the Yankees continue to pay A Rod - they have a perfect right to stop paying (and should have stopped a long time ago).
"@dblsolo700: @zed_cLikewise, the primary victims of violent crimes are in the African American and Hispanic communities. These people want LAW AND ORDER now!
When it comes to violent crime, and if we are going to solve the problem, we must stop being so politically correct-must tell it like it is!
Sadly, the overwhelming amount of violent crime in our major cities is committed by blacks and hispanics-a tough subject-must be discussed.
According to Bill O'Reilly, 80% of all the shootings in New York City are blacks-if you add Hispanics, that figure goes to 98%. 1% white.
Thanks to @johnrich for putting on such a great conceMy son @EricTrump has just done another great event and raised a lot of money for @StJude. He is a really good boy who loves helping kids.
I will be going to Aberdeen, Scotland today to help my team celebrate the great success of Trump International Golf Links-press conference.
"@gohermie: @realDonaldTrump @usopengolf Thank you Mr. Trump, I appreciate all of the suppo@charleyUfarley Innocent of what, weren't they brutally mugging people in the Park that night? The City better not settle this case!
The two dumbest interviews in history may go down as Lance Armstrong, who is being sued by everyone in the world, &amp, Michael Douglas.
Does anyone else have two golf pros—John NiepoCongratulations to Jim Herman, my ass't golf pro at Trump Nat'l Golf Club/Bedminster, NJ for qualifying for the U.S. Open! @usopengolf
Whitey Bulger’s prosecution sta“TRUMP: IMMIGRATION BILL A REPUBLICAN 'DEATH WISH'” "Via @Newsmax_Media by CouCongratulations to my head pro of Trump International Golf Club (Florida) John Niepo@A"@RonWEmma: @realDonaldTrump played trump national Philadelphia yesterday. Great track. Challenging but fair. Keep up the awesome work!!"
26,000 sexual assaults in the military last year-way up from previous years. Armed Forces are in total turmoil!
The Miami Heat looked great tonight - congratulations from all of your friends at your favorite place in Miami, Trump National Doral.
FLASHBACK: Donald Trump Answers Boy's Prayer for New Bike .@Breitba"The Chinese are the biggest beneficiary of this post-Saddam oil boom in Iraq" Pres. Obama is meeting with China’s Pres. this week 70 stories above Panama Bay, @TrumpPanama the majestic sail design is Central America’s architectural icon "Business is no place for stream of consciousness babbling. Keep it sho“Never Ignore Donald Trump” "Via @NRO: "Donald Trump Eyes 2016" by @woodruffbets "@cough93: . @realDonaldTrump when are one of your courses going to host a major? That's what often makes them "great." 2017."
Congratulations to Aberdeen and Scotland for just having our great golf course named Best New Course In World by The Robb RepoThank you to the Robb Repo"@Jkoch19Koch: @realDonaldTrump Trump Chicago is the best hotel in the world. Sitting in Rebar with a fabulous view! #thankyou"
Just got a great new selection of ties &amp, shiMs. Goldberg &amp, her blowhard lawyer should be ashamed for having brought this frivolous case. They should pay me damages!
Today, Judge St. Eve ruled in my favor on the two remaining claims brought by Goldberg in Chicago. The case is now officially over...
“Protect the downside and the upside will take care of itself." – The A"@davenanni: Loving the Trump in LV. Service is great, best room for the money!(500sq/ft, great bath and shower, tons of closet space).
Serious stuff-IRS Commissioner visited White House 157 times, far more than Sec. of State or Defense. What a big story this is!
The Yankees really have to be embarrassed losing all four games to the Mets - my great friend George Steinbrenner would be going nuts!
"@scottallenmeyer: @realDonaldTrump DRILL BABY DRILL. No@4geiger Hi Sara--have a great time!
“I pride myself on being obstinate, stubborn, &amp, tough. I think those are impoYoung entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself, no one else will!
Frack now and frack fast unless we want to continue to be dependent on countries that hate us.
.@VattenfallGroup will never solve the issues with the Ministry of Defense. Besides, they smaOne of the many reasons that @VattenfallGroup dropped out of windfarm project—they couldn’t solve military radar defense problems
Little Mac Miller’s next album may bomb. He can’t use my name again for sales.
.@TrumpCollection’s @DoralReso@BeaumontAnthony @marklevinshow Thanks Anthony.
China has done great under Obama. Increased private US holdings by 500%. Hacks our military &amp, R&amp,D. Robs us blind daily.#timetogettough
Via @Newsmax_Media: "Trump: Americans 'Desperate for Leadership'" My @TeamCavuto interview re: 2016, the need for leadership in our country, Syria &amp, China hacking our military Surprising a future Nobel prize winner on today’s @KatieShow: "@golanflamm: @realDonaldTrump A Massive fan from Australia. How can I buy your ties?? #wantthetrumpfeeling" Thanks, at Macy's-Trump Tower.
“Is business success a natural talent? I think it’s a combination of aptitude, work and luck.” – Think Like a Champion
Military has announced that China has successfully hacked our advanced weapon designs. China is our enemy.Should we offset this on our debt?
House GOP better get its act together.Defund ObamaCare. Out negotiate on debt ceiling. Form commissions on Benghazi &amp, IRS. No excuses!
.@TimTebow has tremendous talent and a proven ability to lead. He deserves to be in the @nfl.
Obama wants to unilaterally put a no-fly zone in Syria to protect Al Qaeda Islamists The new amnesty bill is over 1000 pages. It is another monstrosity a la ObamaCare.
Bringing true luxury to the Windy City, @TrumpChicago soars 92 levels over the Chicago River .@robbrepo@onedaddy26 Yes.
I have a surprise for a really special kid on Thursday’s episode of @KatieShow with @KatieCouric: "@fossilfiend7: @realDonaldTrump @_BOSS_TALK_ @VanityFair Well, that explains why I have no desire to read that garbage!"
"@_BOSS_TALK_: @realDonaldTrump "@DavidFulop: @realDonaldTrump what is your best piece of advice for someone sta“Never give up on yourself.” – Think Big
“We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork.” - Milton Friedman
Inflation is here. Record beef prices are hitting consumers pockets Via @nypost’s @PageSix: “Trump researching 2016 run” I commend Roger Ailes for publicly suppoJohn Menard of Menards home improvement stores in Midwest treats employees horribly -- should they form a union? Who would be stupid enough to invest in @VattenfallGroup's ill-conceived windfarm when it will lose £25M yearly?
Additionally, two executives @VattenfallGroup are under major investigation &amp, they are unable to get the many permits necessary.
.@VattenfallGroup, lead investor in Aberdeen windfarm fiasco, has dropped out—project not economically viable--&amp, protestors hate it.
We spend billions of dollars helping nations all over the World but with hurricane Sandy and Oklahoma tornado not one nation helped us!
I like John McCain but we have to sta"@Joe10Kendrew: @realDonaldTrump so"@msinger456: @realDonaldTrump congrats on winning in Chicago! People think they can sue for anything and will pull any card. Thanks."
Why is Senator John McCain in Syria visiting with the rebels- MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It's 46º (really cold) and snowing in New York on Memorial Day - tell the so-called "scientists" that we want global warming right now!
See, dummy Danny Zuker, who I never heard until this, sta"@DannyZuker: OK gotta go. You're not "going" anywhere Danny, you're being beaten so badly that you can't take it anymore-enjoy your chair!"
Nation's infrastructure is collapsing, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It's freezing outside, where the hell is "global warming"??
Sorry folks, got to go to work now - but "I'll be baaaaack"!
"@DannyZuker: @AndyRichter I have to be honest. I think I'm sta@RustinNiles Just killing time!
Come on @DannyZuker, take the bet, show your friends and family (&amp, your bosses on Modern Family) that you're not "chicken shit
If @DannyZuker competed against me and.won (which not too many people do), he could win millions of $'s for himself or his charity!
The lawyer I just beat in Chicago was a buffoon but was a lot sma@DannyZuker is a weak and ineffective guy with a long string of failed shows who got his ass kicked last night.He's afraid to make the wager
Hope everyone is watching the Finale rerun of Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC-especially the haters and losers! It is on right now.
No @DannyZuker it's making you crazy because you don't have the guts to play the game. Come on Danny, you can do it!
No @DannyZuker , just the opposite, lots of money can go to charity if you have the guts to play the game (deal)!
Remember, @dannyzuker , you are not even the real "boss" of Modern Family - no big $$$$$$'s for you!
I know you don't like to hear this @DannyZuker but the biggest nights of The Apprentice were far "bigger" than the biggest nights of Mod Fam
Just got final renderings of Trump National Doral in Miami - there will be nothing like it in the Country, will be the best!
I never heard of @DannyZucker until his very dumb and endless tweets staI was just told by a television pro thay @DannyZucker is one of the truly dumbest guys in the business-he's obsessed with T-so many flops!
It should be mandatory that all haters and losers use their real name or identification when tweeting - they will no longer be so brave!
"@DAM615: @realDonaldTrump yes you're a republican and sma@HatchetWounds Totally wrong dopey.
Great investor John Paulson just sought bankruptcy protection for a unit of his hedge fund-very smaPerveThe biggest business people have used the bankruptcy laws to their advantage-Warren B, Icahn, Kravis and this week John Paulson-for haters!
"People do business with those people they like and trust." - Ralph J. Robe"Via @Suntimes: "Trump wins at trial, calls woman suing him 'horrible human being'" In your planning, know how much risk you can take. Evaluate whether the returns will be wo"If I'd staLooking forward to being guest of honor at @ralphreed's @FFCoalition Patriot Gala Dinner on June 14th in DC. Flag day and my biMust read aMemorial Day is a time to honor our nation's finest who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. God bless them all.
WH counsel met with IRS lawyer 3x in 2012, once in September Let's see whether or not Chuck Townsend @CondeNastCorp is smaMrs. Goldberg, who filed the Chicago case many years ago, is a vicious and conniving woman--loved beating her.
Thank you for all of the positive response on my Chicago lawsuit victory yesterday. Most of you saw through the phony age card ploy.
I loved beating these two terrible human beings. I would never recommend that anyone use her lawyer, he is a total loser!
Jury was unanimous after hearing the made up case against my co. Filed many years ago, she.and her pathetic lawyer should pay me big damages
The so called 87 year old "lady" was a vicious and skilled investor who was trying to rip me off with made up facts and a blowhard lawyer.
It's impoTake a sneak peek into one of Trump Park Avenue's most exclusive residences on the market- I very much appreciate all of the great reviews &amp, comments on my speech in Michigan--the people were great.
Scotland is having a vi@MarkEaston777 Keep figthing, don't let the windfarms destroy your prope@DJLoopsFruit That's because I know him-he's a lowlife!
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life." - Golda Meir
.@VanityFair could come back if Graydon CaIf the great Si Newhouse were still running @CondeNastCorp, he would fire Graydon Ca"Via @advisorsource: "Donald Trump speaks in Novi, drawing largest crowd in Oakland County Republican Pa"Via @TheOaklandPress "Donald Trump speaks in Novi(Michigan), draws record-breaking crowd" "Use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you strong" - Think Big"
. @Newsmax__Media is one of the top media outlets in the country. @ChrisRuddyNMX has revolutionized political commentary and repoJodi Arias jury is having a hard time with the death penalty-judge just sent them back for fuAmazingly @AnthonyWeiner is going to run. The cure rate for his problem is 0. Lots of other things will come out.
Graydon CaI can't believe @VanityFair would renew Graydon Ca...... Circulation is way down and all he thinks about are his bad food restaurants. @CondeNastCorp
The Lincoln Day Dinner last night in Michigan was fantastic. Record attendance and tremendous enthusiasm- I loved it!
One season ends and another staVery sad that Republican donors were targeted by Obama’s IRS.
Isn’t it amazing that Obama “never knew” about the IRS scandals until he saw it in the news?!
Shock - Obama WH given three pinocchios for lying about Benghazi emails "@KingBowzer: @realDonaldTrump you're a huge douche for picking Penn. I hope you Retweet this." I picked Trace, not Penn - are you drugged"
Good timing: @TraceAdkins won big for American Red Cross last night on @ApprenticeNBC. Now the Red Cross is in Oklahoma doing a great job.
Because of the tornado tragedy I will not be doing @piersmorgan tonight. I wish everyone well!
Excited to speak at tomorrow night's @ocrp Lincoln Day dinner in Michigan “All time sales record, over 2000.” We may get out of ObamaCare because the train wreck is impossible to implement Everyone should go see @HatingBreitba.@TraceAdkins- the winner of @ApprenticeNBC after last night's victory- .@MELANIATRUMP, @IvankaTrump, @EricTrump, @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp, I thank our loyal fans for another great season of @ApprenticeNBC!
Will be doing Fox &amp, Friends at 7 A.M. It never ends (hopefully)!
I love that, in addition to everything else, so much money is raised for such great causes on Celebrity Apprentice-all proud of that!
Last night's live show was so much fun. Congrats to the entire cast, they are all winners! From beginning over $13 million for charity.
Ivanka and Joan Rivers will be working hard tonight at the Live Finale - everybody must watch the OPENING at 9.
The cast for next season looks really good!
Just left the set of The Apprentice - the live show tonight will be fantastic - and something very big and very different is going to happen
How badly will the Country be hu@leebandoni Thanks Lee!
This Sunday’s LIVE FINALE of @ApprenticeNBC will be tough &amp, nasty. Be sure to watch @pennjillette &amp, @TraceAdkins fight to the finish!
People love @LilJon! The sexual abuse that is so rampant has, according to generals, greatly weakened our military. They have failed to stop it.
Just in—all effo.@NYMag is a piece of garbage but I think it is very nice &amp, charitable that they employ the no-talent illiterate hack @jonathanchait.
Congratulations to my friend @seanhannity on @hannityshow 1,000th show consecutively #1 in his time slot! Great going!
Celebrity Apprentice will be LIVE on Sunday at 9 PM (from New York City).Casting has already begun for next season.
In other words, our military has a very big problem!
UnfoI was never a fan of Bush 2 FOR MANY REASONS, including the fact that we should never have gone into Iraq but once there, kept the oil! DUMB
Our very stupidly run Country better stop being so "politically correct" or we won't have a Country to run anymore!
Many generals and military leaders are now saying "I told you so!" They say this will have big impact on military strength &amp, national sec.
General says that the Armed Forces will be severely weakened if the large scale rape and sexual abuse problem is not brought under control.
Army officer who led a sexual abuse prevention unit was just fired after being charged with violently going after his wife.What is going on?
America's top Army general has warned of a crisis unless sexual abuse in the military is quickly brought undet control.Forces greatly hu"@IcyJordan: @realDonaldTrump do you like LeBron as a player and person? @KingJames" LeBron is a great player and a great guy!"
Everyone join me tomorrow at 11 AM in Trump Tower atrium.
Looks like we will have a perve"@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump Is that Zuker character still giving u a hard time? He isn't qualified to shine your shoes!" ANOTHER DOPE!"
.@TrumpGolfLA public golf course features spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views, an elite attraction ObamaCare is already done. HHS Sec. Sebelius is trying to force private companies to finance implementation “It’s always great to be in business with Donald Trump,” said @Telemundo president Emilio Romano. "To be a big success in any field you need to build momentum. Momentum is all about energy and timing. " - Think BIG"
Legendary Illusionist v. Country Music Star. This Sunday’s LIVE Finale of @ApprenticeNBC is a historic matchup. MUST SEE TV!
Obama &amp, his people did a brilliant job of delaying these scandals until after the election. Mitt must be going wild thinking about it!
If these scandals happened before the election, Obama could not have won.
I wonder what the next scandal will be in D.C.? Can we handle yet another?
The three political disasters could lead to a major and complete political meltdown!
The "lady" in Chicago that I'm fighting owes me $500, 000 and is sophisticated &amp, vicious. She made up a story &amp, plays the "age card" - bad!
I totally respect that Angelina Jolie has shown such great bravery in the face of danger - she has really come a long and positive way!
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
Not since Watergate have we been going thru a time like this--Benghazi, IRS, wiretapping of @AP...
“Circumstances are beyond human control, but our conduct is in our own power.” -- Benjamin Disraeli
This Sunday’s LIVE FINALE of @ApprenticeNBC puts @pennjillette against @TraceAdkins. Watch two great competitors battle to win!
.@TrumpNationalNY is NY's best golf club. A 5 Star Diamond Award winner w/ an elite golf course &amp, top facilities 32º in New York - it's freezing! Where the hell is global warming when you need it?
Benghazi. Obama lied. Our people died.
.@LilJon once again made it to the Final Four. A true talent and great friend to #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC. Great job!
.@lisarinna did amazing on #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC. Raising over $505K for @StJude, she made it to the Final Four. Congrats Lisa.
“Never judge someone by their job title. You’d be surprised at the talents people can have.” – Midas Touch
Enjoy Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - a really great episode!
My @foxandfriends int. on IRS targeting Tea Pa"@BaronToutenberg: @realDonaldTrump Donald, would you ever appear as a guest if asked on #REDEYE @RedEyeFNC with @greggutfeld ????" Yes."
"@pellman11: @realDonaldTrump My mother has such a crush on you. She beat breast cancer this past year. Can I request a "@DMurkowitz: Best paI AM PLEASED TO INFORM YOU THAT CELEBRITY APPRENTICE HAS BEEN RENEWED FOR ANOTHER SEASON BY NBC. SEE YOU AT THE NBC UPFRONTS TOMORROW.
You will love Celebrity Apprentice tonight - 9 PM on NBC. Must watch from beginning - two early firings!
Two people fired very early on Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 leading up to next weeks live Finale. Don't get angry at me tonight!
Watching @TigerWoods on NBC playing great golf. Tiger won The WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral this year. I love Tiger!
"@TonyChalk1: @realDonaldTrump is a role model for how to be successful. I've been a fan since "A@chris_l54 Thanks Chris - they know the real facts but don't choose to use them-very dishonest!
The success of Shark Tank over the years is a total joke compared to the success of The Apprentice, one of the biggest hits in T.V. history.
The Apprentice, on the other hand, has been a MAJOR television hit, often times finishing #1. Even now, after 13 seasons, it wins its slot!
Just left Trump National Doral in Miami - under massive construction - The Blue Monster will be one of the greatest courses ever built!
Leightweight @Lord Sugar vi“It's not that I'm so smaNo investor would be stupid enough to pour their money into the bottomless Vattenfall pit. They totally gave up Whether you have someone managing your finances or you're doing it yourself, money, like anything, takes maintenance &amp, planning to grow.
"@g@PennyStocksBlog You are 100% correct - thank you!
Dummy, I'm asking a question - look at the question mark at the end of the sentence! Use your head.
.@limbaugh is right. Watergate is much different than Benghazi. No one died in Watergate.
See my picks at @Fund_Anything at I watched @todayshow this AM re: @MaFor all of the morons who have been complaining about my comment on sexual assault &amp, rape in the military, (cont) “The most impoSadly, firing can be an essential and responsible business decision. It isn't pleasant, but lopping off a branch can save a tree.
A Warren Buffett corp. is currently ensnared in a bankruptcy. Likewise Icahn, Kravis, Apollo and many others have played the game.Thanks!
"@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump, do you suppo@OMGguy18 Wrong, screen is too small-Samsung size is better.
Man, we had a great day today at Trump Tower - lots of money was given to many people who really needed it - good feelings and happiness!
Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecure,it's not your fault
What do you think about the push to put women into high intensity combat situations?
“Never think of learning as a burden. It may require some discipline, but it prepares you for a new beginning.”– Think Like a Champion
I'm giving away money- go to We continue to lose our nation’s finest in Afghanistan almost daily. The Rules of Engagement are costing lives.
Scary. Our military is a using a Chinese made satellite for NoVisit @Fund_Anything at .@myfoxny discussing NYPD Chief Kelly’s great record &amp, the launch of the crowdfunding site "Via @CNNMoney: "Donald Trump gets into crowdfunding" I just gave lots of money away at Trump Tower to people who needed it...they were very happy and appreciative!
What a great time we just had in the atrium of Tump Tower for I gave away money. Go to It's go time! See you at Trump Tower. I'm giving money away! #FundAnything
People do not assume this but more than anything else, I like helping people. Be at Trump Tower at 11 AM today.
Residential Capital, a company in which Warren Buffett is involved, went bankrupt - but that doesn't mean that Warren Buffett went bankrupt!
I'm giving away money! 11AM Trump Tower. Be there or be left behind!
I would absolutely kill Jon Stewa@Spo"@rosannascotto: Why are you giving away money this am @realDonaldTrump ?" Because so many people need help!"
"@Suzmo816: @realDonaldTrump She could share an apa@valentino_jimmy That's cool, I agree!
"@sherlock1313: .@realDonaldTrump Is there nothing that u don't pretend to be an expe@ChrisHarmsWI Thanks Chris!
Wow, I love stimulating debate and driving ce"@TroyMoe1: @realDonaldTrump mark Sanford just won his house seat back so maybe Jodi can run against Hillary in 2016"
"@NickBrinley: @realDonaldTrump If they're "unrepoIs it even slightly possible that Jodi Arias could be set free-wow, what a miscarriage of justice that would be!
The jury in the Jodi Arias trial is, believe it or not, still out. You never know but such a long deliberation could be good for the defense
"@Fresh_EnteThe Generals and top military brass never wanted a mixer but were forced to do it by very dumb politicians who wanted to be politically C!
26,000 unrepo"@TweesTweets: @realDonaldTrump Do people ever call you Donny?" YES."
"@a“Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.” -- Bruce Lee
My @gretawire int. discussing business difficulties with ObamaCare &amp, how it is stopping businesses from hiring Trump @DoralResoMy @foxandfriends int. on Benghazi cover up, the ObamaCare mess &amp, firing @TheRealMarilu on @ApprenticeNBC The economy is broken. Entrepreneurship is being suppressed. See what I do Wednesday 11 AM at Trump Tower atrium.
Tired of being bullied by the economy? I'm going to help people. Wednesday 11 AM at Trump Tower
Keep Wednesday morning free. You will want to see this!
26,000 sexual assaults or rapes repoSexual assault and rape in the Armed Forces is a Massive problem that nobody wants to talk about or do anything about-the big dark secret!
Head of Air Force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! It just seems that our Country is not what it used to be.
.@JoseCanseco, who I got to know very well during #CelebApprentice, can't carry @SHAQ's jock.
Success seems to be connected w/ action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they don't quit." - Conrad Hilton
Now @RonWyden is also “concerned” about ObamaCare along with @MaxBaucus Benghazi was a massive cover up.
"Via @Hometownlife: "Donald Trump to speak at Lincoln Day Dinner at The Showplace in Novi" .@lisarinna is the last lady standing in All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Watch out men, she’s sharp and tough.
The Trump Organization is honored to be expanding our interests into Dubai. The golf course will be the top course in the Middle East.
.@TheRealMarilu was very impressive and is a great person. The All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC viewers loved her.
God never takes away something from your life without replacing it with something better." --Rev. @BillyGraham
"When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents oppoLooking forward to being the guest of honor at @ralphreed's @FaithandFreedom Patriot's Award Gala Dinner in Washington, DC
Time magazine should name David Pecker of American Media to be its top guy...but they are not smaAs I’ve said many times before, Jon StewaJon StewaIf Jon StewaWhat’s funny about the name “F**kface Von Clownstick” -- it was not coined by Jon Leibowitz-- he stole it from some moron on twitter.
Amazing how the haters &amp, losers keep tweeting the name “F**kface Von Clownstick” like they are so original &amp, like no one else is doing it...
“Most people think small because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning” The A"@Wolfrum: @GoAngelo Remember when @realDonaldTrump was going to sue you? I can't sue him-my shiIt's crunch time. This Sunday's All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC's task will separate the winners from the losers.
“Always get even. When you are in business, you need to get even with people who screw you.” – Think Big
“How much money can you stand to lose? That’s how much risk you should assume.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Turn to QVC now to watch Melania - really good stuff!
Why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent Americans?
Our trade deficit is still on pace to be over $500B. This is killing our manufacturing sector and sending jobs overseas.
Obama’s goal of 1 million electric car sales is a little off, by over 910,000 Trump Int'l PueCall @MELANIATRUMP today on @QVC at 5 PM EST, say hello, and buy buy buy!
My wife, Melania, will be on @QVC today @ 5 PM selling really beautiful jewelry at a very low price. Perfect for Mother’s Day—call in!
With Boston terrorist cell widening in suspects, it's now clear that it was a mistake to read the bomber the Miranda warning so early.
. @chrislhayes replaced @edshow on @msnbc to increase ratings. It’s a shame Chris’ are even worse. Sad to see.
All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC is down to the five final contestants. Getting fired now is when it really huJodi, if you're listening, MAKE A DEAL!
Jodi should try but the Govt. should not make a deal - no jury could be dumb enough to let her off (but you never know, look at OJ &amp, others)
Jodi Arias has stated that she follows me on twitter so I really hate to be saying that she is guilty but sadly, she is as guilty as it gets
"@PatrickMendezNV: They're going to make you their @TIME person of the year in attempt to silence you. They are not smaJust took a look at Time Magazine-looks really flimsy like a free handout at a parking lot! The sad end is coming-just like Newsweek!
"@TMPLUSII: @realDonaldTrump your show ratings are off the cha@CraigSJ Why did they all sign confessions and how many people did they mugg that night in the Park? What about their criminal records?
“Don’t let the fear of striking out hold you back.” – Babe Ruth
Via @TVbytheNumbers: 'Celebrity Apprentice' is Number 1 among ABC, CBS &amp, NBC for its Second Hour from 10-11 p.m. "NBC terminates "The Chris Matthews Show" Oil should not cost more than $40 a barrel. Ideally it should be $25. Cheap to produce and we protect the OPEC countries.
ObamaCare is a disaster. Americans will see record increases in their premiums and inferior care services.
Fracking poses ZERO health risks "Trump Making GOP Speech — Is 2016 in the Cards?" Upstate New York is suffering with record unemployment. Fracking is the answer. Frack now and Frack fast!
Via @AP on @washingtonpost: "Trumps look at building 18-hole golf course on former Kluge estate in rural Virginia" See story in The Scotsman re: wind turbines- The people of Scotland are really sta"Wow, I just found out that in a major poll of its readers the @NewYorkObserver voted me #1 on the "power 100" list in NY......
....... I disagree, but it's still cool.
Snow and freezing weather all over mid-section of Country. Global warming specialists better staMoney is really cheap so this is a great time to buy a house-but be sure to lock in long term financing (without which don't buy).
Housing prices are up in Feb over last Feb 9.3 per cent -remember, I told everyone two years ago to buy (but they will be going much higher)
"@Albe@naunie_b sarcasm dummy!
"@gharo34: @realDonaldTrump Not only is your IQ somewhere between Barack Obama and G.W.Bush...but you're ente"@royroper: @realDonaldTrump we need to get the unemployed back to work." That is a big pa@Stiles_Dub @LilJon is a great guy and a great competitor who is respected by all!
Once again @LilJon has competed at a very high level on Celebrity All Star @ApprenticeNBC. He is a great competitor.
1/5 households is on food stamps Just left news conference at @TrumpTowerNY with @TheGaryBusey- people love @TheGaryBusey! Congratulations to Michael Jordan on his marriage over the weekend.
.@Lawrence is the poor man's left wing @oreillyfactor(with no ratings)!
"@PureManhattan: @DannyZuker @realDonaldTrump Id rather suppo@realDonaldTrump Windfarms destroy everything around them-very sad!
Photo from a recent episode of @ApprenticeNBC - saying those two famous words! "@DaltonStoltz: @realDonaldTrump 2.1 Mil. Followers vs. @DannyZuker 189 Thous. @realDonaldTrump is WINNING! #GreaterInfluence He has nothing"
Afghan Leader Karzai has received tens of millions of dollars IN CASH from the U.S. Government- how stupidly is our Country being run?
By Scotland officials canceling my local ad about how damaging wind turbines are- it became a much bigger story around the world. Great!
Great photo with @IvankaTrump and @Joan_Rivers from this week's @ApprenticeNBC- I just sent @THEGaryBusey a check of $20,000 for his charity, Children's Kawasaki Disease . He worked hard and deserves it.
.@DannyZuker Don't lie, @ApprenticeNBC was #1 in all major demos at 10. Do not lie!
One hit wonder @DannyZuker", I notice you are not disputing all of the failures that I said you had. Let's talk about it!
.@DannyZuker I'm in front of the camera and behind the camera- just looked at your picture, you'll never be in front of the camera!
‏.@richardroeper- Perhaps one of the worst replacements in showbiz, once you went on it was over! Your taste sucks!
.@ApprenticeNBC Season 13, still #1 at 10PM in all key demos despite having to serve as our own lead in from 9-10. 11PM News loves Trump!
Failed show @DannyZuker" season 1 of @apprenticenbc had 28 million viewers and 41.5 million watching.....
.... but you only want to talk about 10 years later when I still win 10PM in all key demos.@DannyZuker
.@DannyZuker I hear your filmography is "stacked" with failures.
“Failed show @DannyZuker” I have never heard of you and was told you are a loser-after reading your credits I have no questions about it!
Next year @TomBrokaw should be the comedian at the White House Correspondents’ dinner. The only problem is that... The White House Correspondents' dinner was so boring this year- I guess that’s because I didn’t attend(even... I have a lot of @Apple stock--- and I miss Steve Jobs. Tim Cook must immediately increase the size of the screen... Just out- @ApprenticeNBC was in first place in all demos during the 10PM hour in the ratings.
Doing Fox and Friends at 7.00 A.M. Hope you loved Apprentice last night.
Did you agree with my decision? #CelebApprentice
Mechanical dog is going to be trending tonight. #MechanicalDog #CelebApprentice
Great boardroom. #CelebApprentice
Do you agree with the client's decision? #CelebApprentice
Maybe @THEGaryBusey should stick to words... vs. barking. He’s got a definite talent when he wants to use it. #CelebApprentice
Great memory @TheRealMarilu! #CelebApprentice
Boardroom time- which team do you think had the best presentation? #CelebApprentice
What did you think of @THEGaryBusey's mechanical dog idea?
Team Power+@LilJon= Spielberg? Let’s find out. #CelebApprentice
.@IvankaTrump is right—Plan B has descended into a state of total chaos. #CelebApprentice
.@TraceAdkins says @Joan_Rivers is a gem. I agree. We all agree. #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey feels he’s been abandoned by his team. Do you think so? #CelebApprentice
Looks like Plan B is stuck with the mechanical dog. @THEGaryBusey has latched on and won’t let go. #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey doesn’t need instructions. Couch time is more fun. #CelebApprentice
Do you think @THEGaryBusey will be able to “step up” as PM? I know @lisarinna is hoping so. #CelebApprentice
Here’s @Joan_Rivers. She &amp, @IvankaTrump make a terrific team as my advisors. #CelebApprentice
We have the Final Six—and @LilJon is the last remaining member of Team Power. He’s done a great job. #CelebApprentice
I remember when the Apprentice became the number one show on T.V. @tombrokow came up to me and thanked me on behalf of NBC (Yankee Stadium)
Marble mouth @tombrokaw asks "why do we think to have a successful eveving you have to have Donald Trump as your guest of honor?" BORING TOM
Thanks for the tremendous suppo@Anon_Farmer @PeaceLibLady Not me, I predicted the housing bubble and told people not to buy. I now tell people it is a great time to buy
The Time Magazine list of the 100 Most Influential People is a joke and stunt of a magazine that will, like Newsweek,soon be dead. Bad list!
"@camastoras: @realDonaldTrump enjoying a great evening at Trump Toronto! "@Sam_Kotowski: Once again @realDonaldTrump does a great job on Fox News w/ Greta. Run for president! What apology, didn't they go around beating the crap out of people and robbing them? Why did they all confess? Aren't police convinced?
“Being true to yourself and your work is an asset. Remember that assets are woIgnorance is inexcusable, it’s the surest way to fail. No acceptable reason exists for not being well informed.
This Sunday’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC features the return of @Joan_Rivers. Sunday at 9 PM on @NBC--full 2 hours.
“When you expect things to happen - strangely enough - they do happen.” - J. P. Morgan
Often times being ‘innovative’ is simply putting together pre-existing elements into something new. Be resourceful &amp, expect success.
Get ready for fireworks...@Joan_Rivers &amp, @THEGaryBusey face off in the Board Room this Sunday on All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC.
Does Bush’s library have a wing featuring Supreme CouJust as I predicted, Iraq is deteriorating into utter chaos The Boston terrorist thugs’ mother is also a radical. I am sure she will be granted citizenship shoLooking forward to addressing @ralphreed’s @FaithandFreedom 'Road to Majority Conference' on June 13th Study your area of business. All business involves risk, but risk can be reduced when you learn everything you can about what you’re doing.
Can @pennjillette @lisarinna and @THEGaryBusey continue to co-exist? Find out on this Sunday’s Celebrity All-Star @ApprenticeNBC.
To be in charge, you have to take responsibility, you have to instill confidence. It’s like being a conductor--set the tempo.
MUST READ ADo as I say, not as I do.The politicians who passed ObamaCare are now exempting themselves from the monstrosity House Republicans should be doing everything possible to defund ObamaCare. Instead Leadership is funding it We need another Bush in office about as much as we need Obama to have a 3rd term. No more Bushes!
.@whitehouse continues to defend the billions it pissed away on ‘green energy’ failures Dangerous. While Obama is cutting down our military, China has announced plans to build more aircraft carriers After tearing W Bush down for 12 years, now the media loves him. Why not? He gave them Obama.
PerveWeiner says many more pictures may be out there—this is just what NYC needs, a perveVia @Law360: “Trump’s $200M Old Post Office Project Gets Early Approval” #TBT Do you believe- once upon a time Jon Stewa@mschrock4 I never went bankrupt, you dope!
Wow, I’m at 2,200,000 followers but I’d love to get rid of the haters &amp, losers—they’re such a waste of time!
#TBT At the US Open Tennis Tournament with @EricTrump- see same hairstyle! ...What is wrong with this story? Isn’t this just ridiculous? Terrible! #KathyBoudin
..and now holds an adjunct professorship at Columbia University. Boudin also received an academic laurel from NYU Law School...
Former Weather Underground radical Kathy Boudin spent 22 yrs in prison for armored-car robbery that killed 2 cops &amp, a Brinks guard...
.@VattenfallGroup doesn’t have the finances or financial statement to build the hated windfarm in Aberdeen.
.@VattenfallGroup had no answers at demonstration last night. It’s a failing company. Aberdeen windmills will destroy it.
The sub-station in Blackdog is very dangerous on unregulated landfill—fire hazard! @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
The Council is concerned over the health &amp, safety for the village of Blackdog w/ placement of sub-station. @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
The Council was shocked by the exuberance of the demonstration in Blackdog. @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
The entire village of Blackdog in Scotland protested to the Council last night about the ugly windmills. @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
“The aesthetic, the quality, has to be carried all the way through.” - Steve Jobs
I believe Lance Armstrong had death wish when he did interview w/Oprah—as I predicted, everybody is suing him, he’ll have nothing left
By rejecting my ad on ugly windmills &amp, @AlexSalmond’s faulty thinking on the “Lockerbie bomber” the ad is now on worldwide newscasts.
Do executives at @msnbc know that the business of TV centers on viewers &amp, ratings? @msnbc is #19 on cable My @showbiztonight interview on @KhloeKardashian, @ApprenticeNBC &amp, my surprising TV career Watch out. Champion @Joan_Rivers returns to the Boardroom as a judge in this week’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Don't cross her!
Can someone explain to me how a Chechnyan permanent resident non-citizen in our country is planning Jihad while on welfare?
Sen. @MaxBaucus has announced his retirement. A major proponent of ObamaCare, Baucus now says it’s a ‘huge train wreck.’
The Boston killer applying today for ObamaCare. He demands that medical bills be taken care of immediately. Does this include dental?
As everybody knows, but the haters &amp, losers refuse to acknowledge, I do not wear a “wig.” My hair may not be perfect but it’s mine.
I promise you that I'm much sma@PhilStephen The Scotland golf course in Aberdeen is open &amp, packed—really cool to see &amp, many are saying the greatest golf course ever built.
The mother of the Boston killers (not suspects) says her boys are totally innocent and were set up-I can see the 14 year long defense now!
Lance Armstrong just got sued by the Federal Government-they want their money back-I told you so! What was he thinking when he did that int?
Scotland does not have free press, even when you are just stating the facts-it's crazy!
I have many great people but also an amazing number of haters and losers responding to my tweets-why do these lowlifes follow-nothing to do!
.@JerryLawler was terrific. #WWEHOF "@MasSergio: @realDonaldTrump the fucking truth we need our jobs back!" That won't happen without new leadership!"
In light of Boston, immigration legislation will be much harder to get.
"@Davyshanks: AdveThe Central Park Five documentary was a one sided piece of garbage that didn't explain the.horrific crimes of these young men while in park
"@bitchforsho"@Davyshanks: Adve@GerhardM_com Perhaps, but the Country is in really big trouble! I do love real estate though (and am seriously good at it).
"@craigdevlin: @realDonaldTrump @11SHEILA11 Please run for president, Jon Stewa@GinaCHaley They devalue everything, stupid!
The Chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don't clean up their factories-but they sell us the equipment to clean up ours!
Wrong, used to be called global warming and when that name didn't work, they deftly changed it to climate change-because it's freezing!
NoWill @anthonyweiner be fully clothed in his mayoral ads?
Sexting PerveDid the Boston terrorists register their guns? No. Another example of why gun control legislation is not the answer!
The dying @VanityFair’s circulation has “dropped” &amp, its newsstand sales have “plummeted by 20.1 percent” .@AlexSalmond, don’t worry, my ad will be shown across the world--and it is highly accurate!
This past Sunday’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC continued to win the key demographic of adults 25-54. An amazing run!
I’ve always been a fan of Steve Jobs, especially after watching Apple stock collapse w/out him – but the yacht he built is truly ugly.
It’s freezing in New York—where the hell is global warming?
“The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.” - Gen. George S. Patton
In three years people won’t be building wind turbines anymore - they are obsolete &amp, totally destroy the environment in which they sit.
"@adamkellydeals: @realDonaldTrump - you are the best- ive been a suppo@jamezypell Yes!
“Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.” - Winston Churchill
If your enemies end up liking you it’s because they beat you. You want their respect, not their friendship.
Next time you are waiting in an emergency room remember the Boston killer was rushed to intensive care within minutes of capture.
Our enemy China is illegally buying oil from our enemy Iran Will Barack Obama personally read the Boston terrorist his Miranda Rights?
Sorry to hear @msnbc was dead last, in the gutter, in their Boston bombing coverage .@BrandenRoderick did a great job on All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Raised a lot of money for charity while looking great.
The Boston killer will soon be asking for a Presidential pardon—don’t give it to him, Mr. President—hang tough!
.@foxandfriends int. on how the Boston thug deserves death penalty, @FBI's great work &amp, firing Brande Roderick The big problem for little @MacMiller is that he’s going to have to have another hit song, not just his Donald Trump bonanza.
.@MacMiller has over 79M hits on YouTube &amp, just hit platinum with his Donald Trump song—screw you Mac!
Spent the weekend in LA checking out Trump National Golf Club on the Pacific Ocean. An amazing place! "@tdudz5: @realDonaldTrump you r the most honest and real person on twitter. Twitter was invented for Trump!" Thanks, very nice!"
Me, by a lot!
Will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. (in 20 minutes).
My ties and shiWhat did you think of the boardroom? #CelebApprentice
George also appeared on Saturday Night Live when I was guest host in 2004. A great time! #CelebApprentice
George Ross and I have done some great real estate deals together. He’s a tough negotiator. #CelebApprentice
Looking forward to @THEGaryBusey's book of "Buseyisms"!
Romance or Adventure- what do you prefer? #CelebApprentice
For you newcomers, George Ross was one of my first advisors on the original Apprentice. #CelebApprentice
“George has a real twinkle about him” says @TheRealMarilu. Really? The shark should be scared. #CelebApprentice
This assignment has been a challenge to both teams. #CelebApprentice
This assignment has stretched not just the imaginations but the patience quotas of @lisarinna and @pennjillette. #CelebApprentice
George Ross could be right—@THEGaryBusey would be better in the adventure task than the romance task. #CelebApprentice
.@TraceAdkins isn’t excited about their ideas. Are you? #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey is making no attempt to help. Is he in BuseyLand? Their team is shoHow stressed are @lisarinna and @pennjillette already? #CelebApprentice
I hope you are watching the Apprentice...tonight's show is great and Brett Michaels is back!
Everybody loves @bretmichaels! He’s a great champion and this is where he should be. He agrees!
.@bretmichaels and George Ross are back as advisors. Good to see them! #CelebApprentice
.@TraceAdkins presents the NJ Coast Red Cross a $40,000 check for Sandy Relief. You can tell he’s very pleased about that--&amp, rightly so.
Seems like the teams are surprised when @THEGaryBusey comes back. #CelebApprentice
What do you think of water boarding the Boston killer sometime prior to allowing our doctors to make him well? I suspect he may talk!
Make the Boston killer talk before our doctors make him better. Once he is well he will say, "speak to my lawyers.
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9pm...you will love it!
I don't know how Al Michaels could have been drunk and arrested on Friday night if he was totally sharp on Saturday morning.
Great spoIf the Boston killer applies for Obama Care the paperwork will be too complicated for him to understand!
NO MERCY TO TERRORISTS you dumb bastards!
Can you imagine the Boston killer being lovingly tended to in a hospital room right next to his victims who lost their arms, legs and worse!
Bullshit-Pop gave me knowledge and a relatively small amount of money (split between brothers and sisters) and I built it into over 9 bill.
Watch Gary B tonight on Celebrity Apprentice-some really crazy things happen!
Getting back to the nicer and more normal pa"@ajbarker50: @realDonaldTrump do you try to make everything about you?" YES!"
You are right, the media is always offending Donald Trump-they have no limits-but they will do anything not to offend the Boston killer!
I know some of you may think l'm tough and harsh but actually I'm a very compassionate person (with a very high IQ) with strong common sense
Didn't the Boston killer even run over his own brother with a car in order to get away? We are not dealing with an innocent baby here-DEATH
When the stupid people sta"I hate when the news media, so afraid to offend anyone, always refers to the BOSTON KILLER as "the suspect"."
The shiI just won a big CouOh no, they are worried that they didn't read the Boston killer his rights and he may have a good legal argument. 12 year case to finish? t
Sorry, the best and most beautiful ties and shi"@murmiles: @realDonaldTrump Sir, will you be bringing the caddy service in-house at Doral, or sticking with a contractor? In house!"
Great job by the FBI, Boston Police and all others involved-sta"@Justin_Majoy: @realDonaldTrump this may be the best tweet in the history of twitters existence" You are too kind!"
Is the Boston killer eligible for Obama Care to bring him back to health?
Read my tweets you dopes-of course he should get a trial-but fast (not a 12 year disaster).
You must be kidding-zero chance he is innocent!
Get ALL the info, then quick trial, then death penalty for the Boston killer of innocent children and people! Do not be kind.
.@CNN should stop apologizing for the mistake they made the other day &amp, get back to repoDavid Pecker would be a brilliant choice as CEO of TIME Magazine -- nobody could bring it back like David! Lots of comments—Do you really believe these two brothers operated alone without influence of others?
The @FBIPressOffice, police &amp, others are doing an amazing job. How genius was it putting together that tape?
These Tsarnaev brothers did not work alone. They had help and assistance from other cell members. Be vigilant and on the lookout.
South African Tourism NoAnother great shot from the beginning of construction at @DoralResoWith @IvankaTrump and crew at the staBeing tough doesn’t mean being nasty, difficult, or unreasonable. It means being tenacious and refusing to give in or give up.
“Sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on oppoPerve#TBT With @DonaldJTrumpJr almost 35 years ago- Featuring top spa in New York, AAA Five-Diamond Award @TrumpSoHo is Soho’s most elite hotel &amp, destination spot Amazing! Watch @NHLBruins fans take over National Anthem during pregame ceremonies “One reason many people do not do well in business is because they do not do well with people.” – Midas Touch
The reality is that no gun bill will ever stop tragedies. And as we have learned from ObamaCare, Washington only makes things worse!
Everyone loves @AmandaTMiller- here she is with @Joan_Rivers and me. Thinking small when you could think big limits you in all aspects of your life.
W/ spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views, @TrumpGolfLA is the top luxury public golf course in the country Obama’s $1T+ deficit budget expanded welfare &amp, green cronyism &amp, it cut domestic bomb prevention in half Druggie A-Rod, @MLB’s biggest fraud, is lucky George Steinbrenner is no longer with us. @Yankees would have voided his contract.
It is terrible that neither Obama, Biden nor Kerry attended Lady Thatcher’s funeral. They would all run to Muslim Brotherhood Morsi’s.
Business is easy. Dealing with people is hard. If you are an entrepreneur, your most impo@sonoman24 @stephenbaldwin @ApprenticeNBC I was not thrilled but left them in because the show is real.
Our gov't is so pathetic that some of the billions being wasted in Afghanistan are ending up with terrorists The Chinese must still be laughing at Kerry’s trip to China. He got nothing, gave them everything and promised even more.
Had a fantastic time at yesterday’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC press conference with @StephenBaldwin7 in @TrumpTowerNY.
Great to see @RedSox win big yesterday. Good for Boston and the country. Yesterday we were all @RedSox fans.
I discuss yesterday's tragedy at the Boston Marathon in today's video blog. With @StephenBaldwin7 earlier today at @ApprenticeNBC press conference in @TrumpTowerNY. I sure hope the sexting perveVia @financialpost: “Climate changing for global warming journalists” by Lawrence Solomon (cont) Vegas’ top destination, @TrumpLasVegas is a 64-story tower of golden glass Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Be reasonable and flexible, and never let anyone know exactly where you’re coming from.
.@alexsalmond .@alexsalmond .@alexsalmond @adamjackson73 Yes.
The world economy is under deep stress with growth slowing everywhere. Yet crude is over $87/barrel. Should be $25 at the most.
Congratulations to @Boston_Police, @FBIBoston &amp, all emergency first responders &amp, doctors for their excellent work under fire yesterday
Via @scotsmandotcom: “Donald Trump hires top lawyer for wind farm battle” Throwing out the first pitch a few years ago at Fenway in Boston- Boston will be better than ever. Via @TVbytheNumbers:“TV Ratings Sunday 'Family Guy' &amp, 'The Simpsons' Down, 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice' Up” It’s very sad that the administration isn’t sending anyone to Margaret Thatcher’s funeral. She was a big U.S. suppo@Yazzeruk Very nice--thanks.
I’ve known @hardball_chris for a long time &amp, sadly, he gets dumber each &amp, every year--&amp, sta.@hardball_chris Did you forget about Bill Ayers &amp, so many others? You should apologize to all the people you offended yesterday.
.@hardball_chris must have the lowest IQ on television—now telling people that domestic terrorists are from the right.
We must change the laws of our land and seek fair but rapid trials for the perpetrators of terrorist acts (Boston) with harsh punishment!
My hea.@TheRealMarilu is impressing the All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC viewers with her continued success on Team Power.
Despite firing @StephenBaldwin7 in last night's All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC, Stephen had strong overall performance this season
In case you missed it, my @gretawire interview on Obama's IRA rate cut huMy @foxandfriends interview re: @IvankaTrump's pregnancy, my grandchildren, Obama's 18% tax rate &amp, Obamacare From 10-11 pm, @ApprenticeNBC ranks #1 in 18-49 among ABC,CBS, and NBC. #CelebApprentice
.@DonaldJTrumpJr and @EricTrump with @HulkHogan -- Great shot! Will be doing Fox and Friends in two minutes!
Do you think I made the right decision? #CelebApprentice
Who do you think is going home? #CelebApprentice
The home of the boardroom- @TrumpTowerNY- Product integration is very impoI’m impressed -- both teams have produced very enteGreat shots of @TrumpTowerNY #CelebApprentice
Do you know how many years @TheRealMarilu starred on Taxi? #CelebApprentice
What is your favorite @THEGaryBusey film? Tonight's shoIt's boardroom time! Does anyone miss @OMAROSA? #CelebApprentice
.@PennJillette and @StephenBaldwin7's arguments are making the edit room look like the boardroom. #CelebApprentice
Based on the shoots- which silent film do you think will be better? #CelebApprentice
.@pennjillette doesn’t like @StephenBaldwin7’s cliché line and Stephen says Penn creeps him out. Do we sense conflict yet? #CelebApprentice
What would you choose- Vampires or Cavemen? #CelebApprentice
“A vampire with a day pass?” We are in @THEGaryBusey land. #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey as Project Manager... is Team Power in trouble?? #CelebApprentice
It’s true—@dennisrodman gets the comeback of the year award. I didn’t like having to fire him. #CelebApprentice
A lot of comments re @MELANIATRUMP vs. Milania last week. I think spelling has taken on a new significance. #CelebApprentice
Get ready to turn to NBC for CELEBRITY APPRENTICE -- TONIGHT'S SHOW IS GREAT!
Great job @AdamScott - you deserve it!
Make sure to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC. A GREAT SHOW, JUST LIKE THE MASTERS. 9
"@chuckyc78: @realDonaldTrump happy the apprentice is back to two hours having my weekly apprentice pa@AdamScott is a great guy and player!
"@MrAlanR: @realDonaldTrump Donald you rock! #theaRemember, save your evening to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - increased to a full two hours - great episode - watch Gary B.
South Korea must in some form pay for our help-the U.S. must stop being stupid!
China will extract much from Secretary Kerry and the U:S. in order for them to help us with the No"@CoolCanuckChick: @realDonaldTrump I thought China was good with the U.S.?" Only if you want no country left!"
Did A Rod really try to buy the papers that would implicate him re. drugs - wow, that would be the end, a disaster!
Remember, NBC increased Celebrity Apprentice to 2 hours sta"@petekobelka: @realDonaldTrump just wanted to let you know your show is the best show on prime time, better then anything!"
Bad break for @TigerWoods-hits a great shot which hits the pin and kicks into the water-gets a bogey on hole with another great shot-Champ!
What a shame that Kobe Bryant was so badly injured last night - a truly great champion who brought the Lakers back from oblivion this year!
Ridiculous that they gave the 14 year old golfer from China a one stroke penalty for slow play at The Masters(see, I can stick up for China)
I am on David Letterman tonight.
Our country should be worried about nuclear control far more than gun control--&amp, that one's not even close!
I talk about Obamacare in today's #TrumpVlog- Remember to take time this weekend to relax and regroup. It will pay major dividends for the next week.
My performance from last week on David Letterman @Late_Show will be re-aired tonight at 11:35 PM on CBS.
Always remember that as your success grows, you will be asked for more favors. Learn how to say ‘No.’ It is critical.
“Be up front and direct with people, and they will return the favor.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Where is the President? It is time for him to come on TV and show strength against the repeated threats from NoThe only American who has met with the NoChina controls No.@alexsalmond @pressjournal @BBCNews .@alexsalmond @pressjournal @BBCNews .@TrumpWaikiki is Hawaii’s top luxury hotel &amp, destination. Each room features stunning views &amp, superb amenities All eyes are on @TigerWoods @The_Masters. He’s in good position!
.@alexsalmond .@nbc has increased @ApprenticeNBC to 2 hours until the end of the season--full 2 hour episodes sta"Via @australian: "Trump empire planning to build a presence in Sydney" "@DJHago: @realDonaldTrump Re Scotland. I'm in Scotland and you are absolutley right about the wind farms. Hideous and horrible things."
Don't talk to me about Bush, I was never a defender or a fan!
I can't believe we are not asking South Korea for anything. They make a fo"@SStew3: @realDonaldTrump we have NO leadership" No kidding!"
“Interested is interesting. If you remember that simple rule, you will have no trouble making conversation.”- Think Like a Billionaire
Mr. President, it is time to lead on the Korean crisis. Make a statement from the Rose Garden and send a strong message to the man child!
Obama’s budget spends $2B making our navy ships algae-powered #TBT @DonaldJTrumpJr, @IvankaTrump, @EricTrump, and I 20 years ago- The time has come. THEGaryBusey will be project mgr on this Sunday's All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. MUST SEE TV!!! Back to 2 hrs.
.@Jimmyv3 @WWE Greatly appreciate your nice words re WrestleMania. That’s why you are such a respected writer.
I really liked everyone at the @WWE Hall of Fame ceremony--fantastic people!
Congratulations to @nyknicks on winning their first Atlantic Division title since 1994. @carmeloanthony is a great New Yorker and Knick!
Congratulations to @IvankaTrump and Jared on the big news. I will have yet another grandchild this fall!
Oppo“Go for the jugular so that people watching will not want to mess with you.” – Think Big
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal @BklynBorn71 @dvorlando Wonderful news, thanks.
I feel so badly for Mark Cuban-the Dallas Mavericks were just eliminated from the playoffs and his pa@JTHolder2010 Great!
"@FrankRomeo31: @realDonaldTrump @ga@RealDougClark Great!
"@ga@_CASSmoney_ Thanks!
“You cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb.” - Andrew Carnegie
.@Yankees Kevin Youkilis is off to a terrific staSexual perveWhat will happen to Omarosa tonight? One of our all time great episodes!
“Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.” – Think Like a Billionaire
The $200M renovations at Trump @DoralResoObama’s proposed budget has another middle class tax hike “Donald Trump Wishes Kristen StewaI discuss South Korea in today's all new #TrumpVlog - My @HollywoodLife interview w/ @MELANIATRUMP discussing her debut on @ApprenticeNBC &amp, her skin care line "@mersjm1: @realDonaldTrump Why did you get this tattoo?!!!? I hope everyone (especially the haters and losers) goes to Macy's today and buys some DJT ties, shi"@EricLahti929: @realDonaldTrump @nbc -- I say more Mr. Trump and less everything else on your network!" Thanks Eric, many agree!"
"@davidgrieve: @realDonaldTrump what’s with the ridiculously shoSorry losers and haters, but I LOVED the great energy in Madison Square Garden during my speech. The WWE thought it was incredible - it was!
Why did Vince and the WWE give my speech and segment the most time last night on USA Network - because that's what people want to see!
What a great group! "@K33MOTHERAPY: @realDonaldTrump #Trump Is HOF !" Thanks!"
Fellow inductee @SammaHere I am with @trishstratuscom #WWEHOF Watching @trishstratuscom get inducted from the sold out crowd. #WWEHOF. Family group shot. #WWEHOF Another one of me on stage. #WWEHOF Making my speech. #WWEHOF Vince McMahon shows the crowd one of the greatest moments in WWE History. #WWEHOF Always nice to see the terrific @mariamenounos at the #WWEHOF. Watching the show. #WWEHOF "@Scooter41471: @realDonaldTrump congrats on the run with the show, been a staple for years on NBC" Thanks Scott!"
Yea, NBC has increased all remaining Celebrity Apprentice episodes to two hours staIn today's all new #TrumpVlog I discuss what a great honor it was to be inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame. Watch me get inducted into the #WWEHOF tonight at 10PM on USA. I will be posting exclusive behind the... It was great seeing @Schwarzenegger at the #WWEHOF. "“"Pennies don't fall from heaven, they have to be earned here on eaIt’s Tuesday, how much has China stolen from us today through cyber espionage?
Follow me on Instagram- Here I am with @IvankaTrump and erictrump presenting the WGC @CadillacChamp Trophy to Tiger Woods at... I just left @trumpwinery in Charlottesville,Virginia --- it is the finest in the country--- really incredible!
Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt, know you can deal with it. Fear is the opposite of faith.
Think positively. There are always oppoThe new reality. ‘China Daily’ is sold in street newspaper vending machines across DC. Why not? They own the place.
Margaret Thatcher was the Iron Lady of the West. She promoted freedom &amp, democracy---a great leader &amp, ally of America.
I am very impressed by @dennisrodman. His return to this season’s @ApprenticeNBC showed who Dennis really is--which is very good.
My @gretawire interview re: the dismal job repoThanks @WWE--@VinceMcMahon is an amazing guy.
.@foxandfriends interview re: No.@MELANIATRUMP just finished being on @theviewtv--by any standard, she was great!
.@melaniatrump will be on @theviewtv today at 11am ET discussing @apprenticenbc #celebapprentice &amp, her skin care collection. Tune in!
I’m a star maker- Adrian has continued to receive many fans in @TrumpTowerNY and @AmandaTMiller is definitely on the map! #CelebApprentice
The boardroom and @WrestleMania- I'm watching great enteWhat do you think so far? #CelebApprentice
It appears that @THEGaryBusey is entranced with @MELANIATRUMP- and rightly so! #CelebApprentice
.@pennjillette and @dennisrodman as PM’s- I’m proud of Dennis and his performance this season. #CelebApprentice
The #CelebApprentice post @OMAROSA. Will it ever be the same?
My wife, the beautiful @MELANIATRUMP will be appearing... #CelebApprentice
I’m at @WrestleMania tonight but will be doing a few tweets. I know the episode well.... #CelebApprentice
Dennis Rodman is a project manager tonight on Celebrity Apprentice - watch Dennis in full action!
: @realDonaldTrump @HelpUServe When we have people eating out of trash cans in this country, we have no business helping any other country
"@TheSpo"@mercy_flawless: @realDonaldTrump I kinda like the tattoo you got. Check it out guys! StaCelebrity Apprentice is rebroadcasting last weeks episode at 9 P.M. WITH A GREAT NEW EPISODE FEATURING @MELANIA TRUMP AT 10 P.M. - AMAZING!
My induction last night at Madison Square Garden into the WWE Hall of Fame was amazing-I met some great people, including Bruno.
True, America is rapidly losing it's SPIRIT, and when that's gone, we will only be going in one direction - and that direction is down!
China is pushing NoWhen is South Korea going to staOur President must be very careful with the 28 year old wack job in No@BillLMU Lili will call you - thanks and good luck!
I'm getting ready to be inducted tonight into the WWE Hall of Fame at Madison Square Garden - a great honor for me and the Trump family!
I am doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren at 10 P.M. on Fox. We will be talking about the bad economy and other subjects of interest!
Spent full day with contractors at Trump National Doral - it will be amazing! What do you think @amandatmiller is writing? #CelebApprentice
I will be On The Record with Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight at 10 PM on Fox News.
“The great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure.” - Laurence J. Peter
Sunday night at 9 PM EST will be re-run of last week's episode of Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC, followed by new episode at 10 PM.
This Sunday’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC has the most beautiful boardroom judges ever w/ @IvankaTrump &amp, @MELANIATRUMP together!
The basketball coach at Rutgers looks bad but I had a coach who made him look like a baby - coaches can be tough!
Only 88,000 jobs were added this past March. Prediction was 190,000. Businesses can’t expand with Obama Care &amp, high taxes on horizon.
...Who says the death penalty is not a deterrent?
James Holmes, the Aurora, Colorado guy who killed 12 people &amp, injured 58 others, is fighting hard to avoid the death penalty...
Tell me, which is “cooler”—my induction into the @WWE Hall of Fame or my Star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?
Very exciting—tomorrow night at Madison Square Garden I get inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame.
Jobs repo"@Mr_Asuaiko: one day i'll be rich and powerful like my mentor @realDonaldTrump" Great!"
Word is spreading that I got a tattoo - no way, I am not a fan!
No"@thisiscen: If you're not following @realDonaldTrump on Twitter, you are missing out on GREATNESS. Do it." Thank you!"
I have gotten to know many Spanish speaking people as the owner of Trump National Doral in Miami. They are sma"@JAW44444: @realDonaldTrump best season of @CelebApprentice yet! Great television! :-)"
Your work will never be in vain if you work for a cause that is greater than yourself.
.@WineEnthusiast just awarded Trump Vineyard’s Sparkling Reserve 91 points --- the highest rated wine in Virginia... Looking forward to @VinceMcMahon inducting me into @WWE Hall of Fame this Saturday in @TheGarden. #WWEHOF #WrestleMania
I have a gift for my loyal viewers of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC, Mrs. @MELANIATRUMP debut on this week’s episode "The bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you refuse to take the turn." – Anonymous"
Remember, Celebrity Apprentice tonight on CNBC at 9. Amazing episode - watch Omarosa get the boot!
Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they’re coming from. Don't underestimate them. Create a win/win situation.
Re: Negotiation: View any conflict as an oppoLook for good ideas outside of your own areas of expe"Now AP is banning the term "illegal immigrants" What should we call them? 'Americans'?! This country's political press is amazing!"
Obama just bought the Afghan Police $288M in ammo The purpose of China’s massive military buildup on the Nork’s border is to intimidate us. China attacked us during the Korean War.
“Relax &amp, clear your mind if someone is speaking, so that you’re receptive to what they’re saying.” – Roger Ailes, You are the Message
"Millions Could Get Surprise Tax Bills Under ‘Obamacare’ If They Don’t Accurately Project Their Income" "@VinceMcMahon To Make His Second-Ever Hall Of Fame Induction" Video in honor of the 100th Anniversary of the Anti-Defamation League (ADL): “Imagine a World Without Hate” We should look to China where big time pollution takes place as they manufacture inefficient and costly wind turbines for Scotland!
The haters and losers that assume I was a non-athlete and know nothing about coaches should look into my past-unlike our President-open book
I played football and baseball, sorry, but said to be the best bball player in N.Y. State-ask coach Ted Dobias-said best he ever coached.
Celebrity Apprentice on tonight - CNBC at 9
Another freezing day in the Spring - what is going on with "global warming"? Good move changing the name to "climate change" - sad!
Free enterprise is essentially a formula not just for wealth creation, but for life satisfaction." - A"You can't tax business. Business doesn't pay taxes. It collects taxes." ― Ronald Reagan
I ask again, how much is very wealthy South Korea paying the United States for protecting it against NoI think it was terrible that Tim Cook of Apple apologized to China. What the hell is he apologizing for? Steve Jobs wouldn’t.
In this time of economic turmoil where millions of Americans are unemployed, our tax dollars are paying @BillMoyers' big @PBS salary!
.@BillMoyers is a liberal hack whose career is being laid to rest @PBS. Here Moyers coddles @JeremiahWright "Via @UrbanTurf_DC: "Trump Releases Renderings For Old Post Office Building" I look forward to Saturday night and being inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame.
The Yuan hit another record high against the Dollar. China is laughing at our expense.
China has control over NoWith the impending crisis in Korea, is it a big confidence builder that Chuck Hagel is Sec. of Defense? Elections have consequences.
With Dr. Dror Paley &amp, Dr. Ben Carson with two wonderful children at Mar-a-Lago. Bob &amp, Suzanne Wright, co-founders of @autismspeaks have done an absolutely fantastic job—two real winners. Be passionate. If you love what you're doing, success will follow.
Set the bar high, do the best you possibly can, and believe in yourself—because if you don’t, no one else will either.
In the 10:30 PM ET lead-in to local news, @ApprenticeNBC delivered a 31 percent margin of victory...
... among ABC, CBS and NBC in the key news demo of adults....
..."Apprentice" was #1 among ABC, CBS and NBC from 10:30-11 p.m. in all key demos (adults, men and women 18-34, 18-49 and 25-54)- Nielsen.
The @Yankees should immediately stop paying A-Rod—he signed his contract without telling them he was a druggie.
A-Rod’s salary is more than the entire @astros. Half the players on @astros will have better seasons than him. A-Rod is a joke!
Are you expanding your business? Interview returning soldiers. Give them strong consideration. Their sacrifices deserve it.
Sacrificing our nation’s bravest for ungrateful Iraqis = great for China. China is taking majority of the oil .@michellemalkin &amp, @BuzzFeedAndrew: “Vaccine cou"The only place where our "border" is protected is from Europeans. We educate them in our finest institutions &amp, then have them depoImmigration reform is all risk for the @GOP. Their base doesn’t want it and the 12M illegals will all vote Democrat.
Today The Blue Monster is torn up. The Trump National @DoralReso@higginsane Hi.
"Via @thehill: "Trump warns GOP moving too fast on immigration reform" "‘Better Be Careful’:Donald Trump Warns GOP On Immigration, Creating ’12 Million’ New Dem Voters" “Winning is the most impo@WWE Archive:“DONALD TRUMP'S GREATEST @WWE MOMENTS” My @foxandfriends interview on risk for @GOP on immigration, wasting money in Middle East &amp, firing @OMAROSA “All-Star Celebrity Apprentice” is #1 in the time period among ABC, CBS and NBC in 18-49 and all other key demos—Nielsen Ratings
.@AlexSalmond’s insane release of the terrorist—for humanitarian reasons--will go down as a better decision..
... than his destruction of Scotland’s magnificent lands.@AlexSalmond
.@AlexSalmond , the Scottish politician who released the terrorist who blew up Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie...
In standing by @dennisrodman I was also representing many people who have addiction problems &amp, are working hard to come back.
It was my great honor to defend @dennisrodman on @ApprenticeNBC last night—he has come a long way and for the good!
.@jimmyfallon regularly features @ApprenticeNBC contestants on his show. We love his suppo"@bucksfan2012: @realDonaldTrump - Did you hear the cheers from Ohio??! Celebrity Apprentice is back to being my favorite show!"
Will be doing Fox and Friends in 10 minutes at 7.05 - enjoy!
Adrian was recognized on a Disney cruise and has had many photo requests in @TrumpTowerNY. We have a new celebrity! #CelebApprentice
Great boardroom! What did you think? #CelebApprentice
"@TheNewMrsTim: My dad &amp, I are huge #Trump2016 suppo.@EricTrumpFdn continues to do impo.@pennjillette has received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame— about time! #CelebApprentice
Whose aPiers truly hates Omarosa!
Ever see @bluemangroup in performance? They’re fantastic. And so are Penn &amp, Teller. Don’t miss them. #CelebApprentice
Agreed-- @piersmorgan says he and @OMAROSA have a “communication malfunction.” #CelebApprentice
.@LilJon’s take on @piersmorgan seems to be a classic love-hate combo. Piers can be tough and everyone knows it. #CelebApprentice
Now he has made his Busey-ism into a song. #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey and one of his Busey-isms: “A.@piersmorgan is back! Did I see @OMAROSA wince? #CelebApprentice
Read about how this hotel came into being in my book “Never Give Up”—it’s quite a story. #CelebApprentice @TrumpNewYork
.@TrumpNewYork on CPW in NYC is the home of the globe that has become an icon in the city. #CelebApprentice
.@claudiajordan’s judgment wasn’t the best in who she chose to come back to the boardroom—that was her demise. #CelebApprentice
Are people really afraid of @OMAROSA Would you be? #CelebApprentice
I hope everyone, or rather almost everyone, had a GREAT EASTER! We need our leaders to make great and wise decisions in these troubled times
So, what will happen to the Big O on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. Remember, I only fire people when it is deserved, not for other reasons!
BIG NIGHT on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. IMPOHave a GREAT EASTER, I love you all!
No, I'm saying that the World is paying the price for China's pollution while they make a fo"@KimStagliano: @realDonaldTrump When will NYT write about vaccine damage and its price? 3 girls w autism here, Mr. Trump." They should Kim!"
Major aChina is the biggest environmental polluter in the World, by far. They do nothing to clean up their factories and laugh at our stupidity!
We have tremendous economic power over China if our leaders knew how to use it, which they don't! China's economy would collapse without us.
What do we get from our economic competitor South Korea for the tremendous cost of protecting them from NoNo"@Thaddalicious: @realDonaldTrump should be president, he knows what he is talking about #rolemodel" Thank you!"
Current @NYMag really sad, not only boring but highly inaccurate. Use better paper product - looks like a death march (which it is!).
Have a great Good Friday and a Happy Easter.
Find out who and what is the best in your field. Identify the trendsetters, leaders and authorities. Learn the standards they follow.
Achievers go for the challenge, so the next deal is what they're thinking about. They have an obligation to best themselves.
Wisdom comes as a result of both experience and knowledge. It's something you can't teach someone else--you have to achieve it on your own.
This week’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC features another memorable Board Room rumble between @piersmorgan &amp, @OMAROSA.
Everybody should contribute &amp, fight in the long haul battle against autism. @autismspeaks
Take the time to be thorough in whatever you undePlease help @autismspeaks with their petition to the White House for a national strategy for the autism epidemic "@HeatherMama3: I watched the @realDonaldTrump on #Letterman Great interview, this man knows how its done. Pure class! He has my vote."
We blow up the famous Blue Monster at Trump National Doral on.Monday in order to build a spectacular new, bigger, and better Blue Monster!
Thanks for all the nice comments about the @Late_Show last night. I enjoyed it and David enjoyed the ratings. Adam Moss, editor in chief of @NYMag is quickly losing his reputation in that @NYMag has become so boring and so irrelevant.
Employees of @NYMag should have their resumes updated. It is very boring &amp, will die in the near future. How much are they losing now?
Terrible economic numbers released today. US GDP only grew 0.4% during Oct-Dec 2012 qua...At the same time, go through a worst-case scenario but keep it shoPractice positive thinking—this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary, negative or detrimental...
Once you consent to some concession, you can never cancel it and put things back the way they are." - Howard Hughes
Rambling and stumbling @hardball_chris is as dumb as a rock!
Trump Signature mattress is from Se"@avedders: @realDonaldTrump you're the man! You should run for president!" Thanks!"
Going on Letterman now - let me know what you think - how did I do? Here we go!
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal ... to build a wind farm and destroy this view!
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal .@alexsalmond @pressjournal @slainsview Blackdog folks are very sma@dbpresswire @Late_Show I hope so!
Getting ready to do the David Letterman @Late_Show tonight—I hope you all will watch—I think!
Aberdeenshire coast is spectacular. Its historic value &amp, wildlife will be tarnished if these wind turbines are built--but they won't be!
To all journalists, look into the financial dealings of Scottish Parliament members with Vattenfall...Follow the money.
Less than two weeks until @WWE’s @WrestleMania XXIX. @TheRock v. @JohnCena willbe epic! Excited to be inducted into the Hall of Fame.
.@EricTrumpFdn continues to do impo@JNorr11 Yes--and thanks.
.@pennjillette is an extraordinary enteCongrats to fantastic All-Star @ApprenticeNBC celebrity &amp, illusionist @pennjillette on being honored at 2013 Hollywood Walk of Fame!
"Via @RoyalOakPatch: "Oakland County High Schoolers Have Chance to Win $1,000 Scholarship &amp, Meet Donald Trump" Last night's @extratv 's interview by @MarioLopezExtra of gorgeous 2012 @MissUniverse @oliviaculpo In case you missed it, last week's @extratv interview with @AJCalloway discussing Tiger Woods &amp, much more The developer of the Scottish wind monstrosities, Vattenfall, just laid off 2,500 people &amp, has serious financial difficulties.
General Petraeus should stop apologising and get on with his life. He is a good man and should have a great future.
The new selection of ties, shiI'm doing The David Letterman Show tonight -should be interesting!
Great piece on Extra tonight re. Celebrity Apprentice!
Sometimes we do things to build up experience and stamina to prepare, but it's to prepare us for something bigger.
Many of @TigerWoods’ ‘friends’ were quick to abandon him in his time of crisis. Now Tiger knows who he can count on.
Many people look at successful people &amp, don't see anything but the end result. They don't see all the work that went into getting there.
When somebody challenges you, fight back -- be tough!
When someone can discourage you, you probably aren't determined enough. Be resolute. That's what it takes to get things done.
FLASHBACK: “Hiding evidence of global cooling” "Via @scotsmandotcom: "Trump joins with Chandler in bid to attract events" "Donald Trump shocked by 'stupid decision' about @OMAROSA on '@ApprenticeNBC'" "Via @washtimes: "Donald Trump warns of ‘dangerous precedent’ in Cyprus bank skimming" ...and now Alex Salmond pushes ugly turbines!
FLASHBACK: “Alex Salmond pleaded with Donald Trump to back release of Lockerbie bomber” The off shore Aberdeen wind farm site is “experimental” &amp, has no track record delivering energy. The Scottish windfarm was conceived by the same mind that released terrorist al-Megrahi for humanitarian reasons. ..
...al-Megrahi was the man who blew up Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland.
The radar, defense, shipping and civil aviation problems will stop the ugly windfarm. #EOWDC
The windfarm approval in Scotland is subject to many conditions that can never be met - will be tied up in cou.@TigerWoods has made a truly great comeback - he is number one again! Give him credit, comebacks are tough to do. Way to go Tiger.
For all of my many Jewish friends, Happy Passover.
Good Morning America weather headline for U.S. - "NEVER ENDING COLD
“Strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact, &amp, you will find yourself ready for a grand slam.” - Think Like A Champion
After decades of our leaders allowing China to steal our jobs &amp, R&amp,D, the Chinese will ‘ove...Re: China--I told you that a long time ago. China’s top academics are working w/ PLA in cyber-espionage of our state secrets &amp, R&amp,D Obama has now become the weakest POTUS against China, yuan just hit record high against dollar "@TheDorkKnite: #MentionSomebodyYouWantToMeet @realDonaldTrump The Man, the Myth, The Legend, The Donald" Thanks!"
“Luck does not come around often. So when it does, be sure to take full advantage of it, even if it means working hard." Think Big
I hope everyone enjoyed Palm Sunday!
Even the liberal CRS is now repoCyprus is seizing private bank accounts as collateral for €10bn bail-out. We owe $17T. Think it can’t happen here?
“Donald Trump to visit metro Detroit in May” UK is freezing through longest &amp, coldest winter in over 50 years They changed the name from “global warming” to “climate change” after the term global warming just wasn’t working (it was too cold)!
It’s springtime and it just staUh oh... @OMAROSA &amp, @piersmorgan once again reunite in the Board Room in next week’s ‘All-Star’ @ApprenticeNBC. Fireworks!
"Via @Newsmax_Media: "Trump at CPAC: What Really Happened " Last night’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC once again showed why the ultimate onus lies with the project manager. The buck stops there.
What did you think of my decision? #CelebApprentice
Adrian also gives autographs if you stop by the lobby of @TrumpTowerNY. #CelebApprentice
That’s Adrian in the elevator— he works at @TrumpTowerNY &amp, he’s got a lot of stories. #CelebApprentice
People ask about @AmandaTMiller. She is actually a VP of Marketing at the Trump Organization. #CelebApprentice
Who are your favorites on Team Power? Team Plan B? #CelebApprentice
What team would you choose to win? #CelebApprentice
Let’s see what happens in the boardroom... #CelebApprentice
.@DennisRodman is always hard to miss-especially when dressed in silver finery. But not sure about the silver lipstick. #CelebApprentice
.@Joan_Rivers —I know you’re watching- what did you think of your impersonator?
They should have got Darrell Hammond as the Donald Trump impersonator. #CelebApprentice
With @TraceAdkins on top of the truck the crowd definitely buzzed. #CelebApprentice
What do you think of @DennisRodman’s Donald Trump head? The hair’s not quite right, for one thing. #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa admitting she’s a threat in the boardroom- that’s not revelation knowledge. #CelebApprentice
.@StephenBaldwin7 thinks @TheRealMarilu is ping-ponging all over the place. Do you agree? #CelebApprentice
Always good to have @ArsenioHall back as advisor as well as @DonaldJTrumpJr. They have their own fan clubs at this point. #CelebApprentice
.@StephenBaldwin7’s mother thinks I’m very handsome. Now I see where Stephen and Alec get their sma.@LaToyaJackson &amp, @Omarosa are not likely to become friends –ever! #CelebApprentice
Last week’s boardroom was truly epic ---and the dust hasn’t settled yet. #CelebApprentice
I will be tweeting live tonight during Celebrity Apprentice - 9 o'clock on NBC!
Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - some amazing things happen!
Wow - they are really killing Jay Leno - let him go out with dignity!
Don't blindly pursue a career that others suggest or insist is right for you. It may be wo"Via @NoLooks like the U.S. will be having the coldest March since 1996-global warming anyone?????????
"Trump organisation backs community battle against substation" .@TrumpGolfLA is ranked the top course in the West Watching the madness in Cyprus? If our government keeps spending trillion dollar deficits, that could happen here.
This Sunday's All-Star @ApprenticeNBC features some of the biggest fireworks of the entire season. Get ready.
".@Mediaite:"Donald Trump Trashes @michellemalkin On Twitter:You're A 'Dummy' &amp, 'Were Born Stupid'" .@MichelleMalkin would be nothing without being on the @seanhannity show. I don’t see what Sean sees in her—loser!
When I think big, which is often, you can be sure I’m aware of the enormous amount of little things that we will have to account for.
See yourself as an organization. Pay attention to every facet of your life. What’s strong? What’s weak? What’s missing?
“The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.” - AlbeThere won’t be any new gun legislation. No surprise. Americans suppo@roannasweet Not even close!
Life always presents new oppoMake no mistake, Obamacare is the first step towards changing our health system into single payer. Just a disaster.
Problem with @GOP is not their message, it’s that they are incapable of controlling the message.
According to @pewresearch, 2/3 of Mexican LEGAL immigrants do not pursue citizenship because of ‘no interest’ “Here’s something about Donald Trump, he’s got a top rated show on TV and everything he says becomes a headline.”-@DLoesch All true!
Yes, All-Star @ApprenticeNBC contestant @THEGaryBusey is a little out there. But he uses his ‘uniqueness’ to his advantage.
It won’t stay a buyer’s market forever. If you can, take advantage and buy prope"Via @scotsmandotcom: Via "Donald Trump makes plans for Menie Estate marquee" Remember the golden rule of negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules.
It’s snowing &amp, freezing in NYC. What the hell ever happened to global warming?
.@mcuban Mark—nice picture, thanks for the invite to the Mavs/Nets game. Next time I’ll go and you’ll win!
Celebrity Apprentice on in 5 minutes on CNBC - it's great!
Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC tonight at 9.
The @CelebApprentice will be broadcast tonight on @CNBC at 9 PM.
Haters, stop saying I went bankrupt, it is not so. I never went bankrupt...
... but like many other great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage.
For the haters, out of hundreds of deals or transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws 4 times in order to cut better deals.
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool...
... Icahn, Kravis, Apollo and most others--but nobody says they went bankrupt!
People buy deals &amp, immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals...
... It is very effective and a commonly used business tool.
Why do the losers &amp, haters always say I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t. Like it or not, it’s all mine—just ask Barbara Walters.
My shi. @OMAROSA is sma@iklemieux @theRealKiyosaki Thanks--and good luck.
Shocker: study reveals that @msnbc is completely biased while @FoxNews is factual . @WWE’s @WrestleMania XXIX less than 3 weeks away. Looking forward to being inducted into the Hall of Fame!
... That’s why so many huge deals are closed on a golf course.” – TRUMP 101
Board Room finale of this week’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC will leave viewers wondering where the rest of the season goes...It's great!
It’s a shame to hear that the @dcexaminer is failing. No one wants the paper, even if it is being handed out for free.
.@NBC just announced that all 1 hour @CelebApprentice episodes are being expanded to 2 hours—it’s amazing what good ratings will do!
“Donald Trump Takes on Apple @CPACnews” I remained strong for @TigerWoods during his difficult period. He rewarded me (and himself) by winning at Trump National Doral.
.@SouthJerseyMag, “According to the Pros” just named Trump National Golf Club, Philadelphia, the #1 private club. Thanks!
.@hardball_chris’ very small audience is shrinking rapidly because people finally understand that he is very very dumb!
"You can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be wo@MarcPhelan Thank you!
.@mcuban Mark, okay with me but don't staPassion motivates. Passionate people don't give up, their zeal eliminates fear. Passion can also create business oppo"Donald Trump helped expose the silliness of the move by offering to pay for the White House tours." Congratulations to @Likud_PaIf you’re sitting in an office working in a job you hate, then it’s time to THINK BIG and plan your next step...
10 yrs ago today, the Iraq war began. 4,485 of our nation’s finest have not returned home alive. Iran will soon control Iraq &amp, its oil.
Amnesty is suicide for Republicans.Not one of those 12 million who broke our laws will vote Republican.Obama is laughing at @GOP.
.@RNC repo"One of the most obvious lessons on @ApprenticeNBC is for the candidates to learn to think quickly." - Think Like a Champion"
Does anyone remember the fight @mcuban had w/ the referee—he was weak &amp, pathetic—a non-athlete trying to live life thru his players.
Why do shows have @ananavarro—Ntl Hispanic Chair for the losing McCain ’08 &amp, Huntsman ’12. She’s a loser who doesn’t deliver votes.
Sorry folks, but Donald Trump is far richer and much better looking than dopey @mcuban!
All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC continues to surprise our loyal viewers each and every week. More, and bigger, coming...
It was just announced that @ErinBurnett won’t be going to mornings on CNN. @OutFrontCNN just made a wise decision.
.@SarahPalinUSA did a great job @CPACnews. Much of what she said was plain old "common sense.
.@hardball_chris became a super liberal Obama fan only because he must need the money--and on @MSNBC that’s the way it is.
"Americans may no longer have access to their family doctors because of Obamacare." .@ErinBurnett should have stayed at CNBC—she was never smaFor beauty and flight, I’ll take the @Boeing 757 over the @Boeing 787 any day!
l still think @Boeing should just bite the bullet &amp, get rid of the new batteries in the 787. Those batteries will always be a problem!
It was great having @ArsenioHall back on this week's @ApprenticeNBC! .@ErinBurnett’s @OutFrontCNN ratings are so pathetic, she even loses to @hardball_chris at 7PM which is replay of 5PM "Via The Hindu @businessline: "Realty brand Donald Trump’s India venture to spoI don’t like seeing the Pope standing at the checkout counter (front desk) of a hotel in order to pay his bill. It’s not Pope-like!
.@hardball_chris is a really dumb guy(and I know him well)—that’s why he works swimmingly with our leaders in Washington.
Re: CPAC “The crowd in the main room filled to capacity by the end of Trump’s address, something his operative said he planned to do...
.... to help McConnell, who spoke right after him.”@BreitbaI was sorry to decline headlining the Reagan Dinner last Saturday due to a prior business commitment. Pres. Reagan was one of the greats.
.@rushlimbaugh played 3 separate audio bites (the most of anyone) of my CPAC speech. Hour 3 in Friday's show.
Be weak on immigration and ensure Democratic victory.
.@rushlimbaugh is right—the Republicans lost because they weren’t conservative enough—or tough enough.
But @mcuban is physically weak, he has no clubhead speed or game!
.@mcuban is so sho"@Julzz: @realDonaldTrump you got bankrupted 3 times, who the hell trusts you with anything" I never went bankrupt, moron!"
WHO IS GOING TO GET IRAQ'S OIL???????
Bombings all over Iraq today.That country is falling apa@JackVoices You are correct, but he is so easy!
Apprentice ratings doing great - easily won the 10 o'clock hour over other networks!
“Leverage: don’t make deals without it.” – The AIs Anthony Weiner also delusional? Add him to NY Sex Offender list instead!
Sexual perveGreat a.@dallasmavs is 1-12 against the Western Conference’s top four seeds after Sunday’s loss &amp, @okcthunder swept the season series.
Why does @mcuban continue to embarrass the 31-35 &amp, 11TH place @dallasmavs with childish behavior? Really unprofessional!
"Via @realitytvworld: "La Toya Jackson fired from 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice' by Donald Trump" New @RNC repoThe Blue Monster is being torn up at Trump @DoralReso".@TPNNtweets "Donald Trump Tells A Fascinating Inside Story About His Dealings w/ The Obama WH" .@DLoesch played great audio from my @CPACnews press conference on her radio show. Glad she made it!
"Via @WTCommunities: "Donald Trump to CPAC: Romney 'Didn't Talk Enough About Success'" Scotland will be so lucky if this monstrosity is not built—I will tie them up in couVattenfall CEO stated that the company needed to prepare itself for falling electricity demands in coming years-- a changing market.
Vattenfall, the company behind a proposed asinine windfarm off the coast of Aberdeen, Scotland, is having serious financial difficulty.
Via @PoliticalTicker: “TRENDING: Trump a right-leaning tower at CPAC” "“TRUMP HITS BACK AT CHRIS MATTHEWS’ BI"Via @DailyCaller: "Donald Trump: Obama should golf w/ Republicans, not his ‘local friends’" If @OMAROSA is not in the Board Room, I can’t fire her. @latoyajackson made a strategic mistake.
"Trump at CPAC: 'We Have to Get the Momentum Back'" . @foxandfriends interview discussing a budget deal, my #CPAC2013 speech, @RealBenCarson &amp, firing @latoyajackson “All-Star Celebrity Apprentice” ranked #1 for the 10 o’clock hour among ABC, CBS and NBC with a season-high 19% margin.
Via @NRO:“Trump @KarlRove, ‘Most Overrated Man in Politics,’Responsible for Ashley Judd’s Rise” "Via @CBNNews:"Exclusive: Backstage Interview w/ Donald Trump at CPAC" I will not be commenting on boardroom specifics- would be unfair to the different time zones. #CelebApprentice
True, @THEGaryBusey is a scene stealer without trying. He’s got a gift. #CelebApprentice
.@DennisRodman re @Omarosa is right, she’s becoming predictable.
.@Omarosa is not winning points, being called “the wicked witch of the Mid-West” and most ce.@Omarosa’s new name via @DennisRodman: “Ms. Saboteur” sounds rather elegant. #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa’s emergency has put a new spin on Team Power’s presentation—but it’s not “show time” yet. #CelebApprentice
.@latoyajackson informs @ArsenioHall that @Omarosa is a “conniving witch”—is he surprised? Are we surprised? #CelebApprentice
“@OMAROSA is a bit toxic” per @BrandenRoderick. Being a bit PC? #CelebApprentice
There’s no love lost between @latoyajackson &amp, @OMAROSA Disrespectful? Who is being disrespectful? #CelebApprentice
Music cues, audience pa.@Omarosa on the cover of Soap Opera Digest? That’s a credential... #CelebApprentice
And happy to welcome @ArsenioHall back as an advisor— he will have his own show and is doing great. #CelebApprentice
.@TraceAdkins is back—good news for Plan B. #CelebApprentice
The Paley Center for Media is a great place to visit when you’re in NYC. #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa has another meltdown ... while giving a check for $40,000 to Michael’s charity, the Sue Duncan Center. #CelebApprentice
Great line from @TheGaryBusey: “I am an angel in an ea.@Omarosa’s meltdown—was it for real? @DennisRodman thinks she could be an Oscar winner for that performance... #CelebApprentice
The tournament at Trump National Doral was much more exciting than what is going on now!
I'll be tweeting live tonight sta"@Crystal_Joanna: @realDonaldTrump That's because you bring clout to anything you do Mr. Trump...Remain blessed!" Thanks, really nice!"
Best ratings for the Dateline show were for six months, not two months!
Just won The Club Championship at Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach-lots of very good golfers-never easy to win a C.C.
Last weeks Dateline, which I hosted, was the highest rated Dateline since January!
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - GREAT EPISODE!
Wow-Record ratings for WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral's Blue Monster-Most watched in seven years. CONGRATS to@Tiger Woods
Huff Post "His early morning speech drew a large crowd, far larger than remarks at the same time on Thursday" and packed by end! The facts.
"@libeThanks for all of the accolades on my speech today - it's all about the truth!
Honest repo"@orangeeffect01: @realDonaldTrump Chris Matthews is happily smearing you on hardball. Poor Chris !" I know Chris well-he is a lightweight."
I agreed to take the worst spot at CPAC because nobody else wanted it and it was the only time I could be there - it was great fun!
WHY CAN'T THE MEDIA TELL THE TRUTH - WE WOULD ALL BE SO MUCH BETTER OFF!
“TRUMP TO CPAC: BUILD A GREAT ECONOMY” Via @Breitba"CPAC 2013: Donald Trump: Immigration reform is a ‘suicide mission’ for GOP" "The Donald Goes to CPAC: TV star and hotel magnate gives his thoughts on the state of America" “Donald Trump: The View Will be Better without Joy Behar (Video)” "Via @BreitbaFor accurate repo......@DailyCaller, @Breitba@jheil at @NYMag is such a pathetic repoBoring &amp, failing @NYMag’s 3rd rate political repo..... He knows I don’t respect him.
"Via @DailyCaller: "Trump on Obama and Congress: ‘Lock them up’ in a room like Vatican conclave" Via @Newsmax_Media: “Trump: @KarlRove ‘The Most Over-rated Man in Politics’” I watched the last two minutes of the @dallasmavs game last night--- I just loved watching them lose.
Press conference after CPAC speech this morning was excellent- lots of very professional repoThe CPAC speech went really well this morning--- first speaker--- standing ovation. I really enjoyed it.
When you think big, you will automatically trigger more details because details are the major component of making anything big.
In the general course of human nature, a power over a man's subsistence amounts to a power over his will." - Alexander Hamilton
.@mcuban has less TV persona than any other person I can think of. He’s an arrogant, crude, dope who met some very stupid people...
...Those stupid people bought @mcuban's company (of which he owned a piece).
There’s a reason @mcuban’s paObama hasn't released a budget in over 2 years &amp, for the 1st time House &amp, Senate delivered budgets before him CPAC attendees &amp, fellow patriots - lines for my @CPACnews staReally big crowd expected tomorrow morning at # CPAC2013. I look forward to it!
Via @espn: @dallasmavs “most likely scenario remains finishing a frustrating ninth in the West” When @mcuban had his own show, The Benefactor, it totally “bombed!”
I love watching dummy @mcuban promote on ok show named Shark Tank—but he is just a small paInterview w/ @AndreaTantaros discussing my WH tour offer, @KarlRove's terrible ads &amp, Ashley Judd's candidacy Good move by @MSNBC in downgrading @WeGotEd to a dead weekend spot. This is truly a guy who shouldn't be on tv.
. @BarbaraJWalters made a great decision in firing @JoyVBehar from @theviewtv. The show will be better without her!
"Donald Trump explains celebrity feuds: 'I speak the truth'" Congratulations to my Catholic friends on the selection of Pope Francis I to lead the Catholic Church. People that know him love him!
To show you how shallow politicians can be, many are jealous of my @CPACnews speaking slot &amp, also their fellow Republicans! Not good!
The DC press corps is obsessed with my @CPACnews speech which is scheduled tomorrow 8:45AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Can't blame them.
Wow--just 1 day after my offer to fund all WH tours "Obama backtracks on decision to cancel all White House tours” ...
.... Do I get the credit for this? Thank you!Dummy @mcuban made up a story about a visit to Mar-a-Lago last night on Leno. It never happened—I don’t talk that way.
Congrats to @EricTrump and @LaraLeaYunaska on a great five years!
I watched Mark Cuban on Jay Leno last night - what a jerk!
Celebrity Apprentice will be rebroadcast tonight at 9 on CNBC.
“You have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing, because people connect with the why.” – Midas Touch
Do your homework. Wasting other people’s time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression.
According to new WPOST-ABC poll, Obama has just lost 14 points on public trust with economy
In making any decision, you need all the facts. But after exhausting all due diligence, in the end you have to go with your gut!
Best of luck to my good friend Derek Jeter on his first game today back at sho@AnnAmplf The A".@LukeDonald You are so good and so talented that I have no doubt you will conquer the 18th hole at the "New" Blue Monster @DoralReso.@CPACnews had its largest ever ticket sales the day of my announcement. Really an honor. Can’t wait to see everyone.
The sequester is less than 2% of total 2013 budget. Why can’t the WH re-allocate funds and keep the tours open for children? #OpenOurWH
Lines for my @CPACnews address sta"Via @politico: "Donald Trump to get more CPAC time than Marco Rubio" It’s sad that the WH is punishing children from across the country by closing all tours. Doesn’t have to be. WH should take my offer.
Obama Spurns Trump Offer to Foot White House Tours" Help save the lives of our troops.Our #vets suffering from TBI/PTS need treatment @makeitvisible Donate to Help fight autism--go to Autism Speaks, head up by Bob &amp, Suzanne Wright, does a fantastic job—if only we had more people like them! To help: "If you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it." - Think Big
Ashley Judd's candidacy was created by Karl Rove's terrible ads, even before she thought seriously about running...
...The ads made her look great and now she probably will run.
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." - Steve Jobs
“Whether you realize it or not, your brand can be many times more valuable than your business.” – Midas Touch
Hamas has warned Pres. Obama not to visit the Temple Mount during his trip to Israel A note from the fabulous Mark Burnett: “Donald, congratulations again, we are #1 in the 10:00pm hour. I am tweeting about it.”
My @CPACnews speech is scheduled Friday at 8:45AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Will also be telecast live on CSPAN &amp, cable news networks.
Congratulations to @NewYorkObserver on celebrating its 25 year anniversary. Great paper under amazing management!
Glad to hear @ehasselbeck will be staying on @theviewtv. Elizabeth has great presence &amp, doesn’t back down from sharing her views.
All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC continues to dominate the Sunday 10PM slot in every key demographic. Still hot after 13 seasons!
"Via @NRO: "Palin, Trump Get Longer Speaking Slots at CPAC" by @KatrinoTrinko "Via@politicalwire: "Trump Offers to Fund White House Tours " "Via @Newsmax_Media: "Trump Says He’ll Foot Bill for White House Tours" "A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." - AlbeRe: Ashley Judd: Keep @KarlRove away. He already made her a viable candidate.
Our economy has had worst recovery under Obama since the Depression. Results of his policies speak for themselves. No new taxes!
.@Graeme_McDowell Great playing this weekend. You are a true winner. We look forward to having you back to Trump National Doral.
Really looking forward to my address @CPACnews this Friday morning at 8:30. Will stress jobs, etc. Can't wait to see my many friends.
According to new employment numbers, 296,000 Americans have dropped out of the work force &amp, gave up looking for work.
Between a terrible press conference, mishandled prisoner swap &amp, Taliban attacks, Hagel's 1st trip as SOD was a disaster. No surprise.
. @deesnider is a great guy &amp, a total winner! He understood - he did not leave me any other choice. Look forward to keeping in touch.
To @TigerWoods He is truly a great champion and we were honored to have him at Trump National Doral. @DoralResoIf you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost, that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them. Thoreau
My @foxandfriends int. re: Tiger’s victory at Trump @DoralReso.@CelebApprentice was #1 on network TV last night in its time slot and easily won the 10 o’clock hour in all major demographics.
Let us never negotiate out of fear, but let us never fear to negotiate.--John F. Kennedy, Inaugural Address, January 1961
The losing team is now back in boardroom. I can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
Re my hair-Should I change it? What do you think?
It's true... Dennis is really into this-very animated. I have never seen him this way before.
Which team is your favorite?
Re Omarosa: Nasty, tough or smaDoes anyone agree with Marilu that Gary, while 'adorable', is a distraction?
Omarosa is very confident that the execs loved her concept &amp, presentation.
Next she says she's being set up by Omarosa to fail....is somebody confused?
What?! LaToya is saying Omarosa is one of the nicest people she's met?
On the whole, the teams seem to be working well together. No wars...yet.
Gary as the Cat in the Hat? He can work it out.
Trace delivers check to hospital in NYC: American Red Cross must be grateful to Trace and his team for their tremendous work.
Honest Omarosa: she won't backstab-she'll come at you from the front.
Which team do you think has the edge in this interactive photo experience task assignment?
My 757 is incredible-I think the teams agree on that.
Will Team Power be able to withstand Omarosa as PM? Smooth sailing is not expected.
Will Plan B miss Trace?
Firing Bret was a tough one for me-but Omarosa doesn't seem to mind.
Omarosa always promises and delivers high drama...
Trace and his team raised an amazing amount of $. Looks like a good season for charities.
There's definitely no love lost between Piers and Omarosa.
Bret had a target on his back from the get go...
That was some episode last week-we've got a great cast!
I will be live tweeting during the @ApprenticeNBC tonight at 9PM ET.
I'm at Trump Doral right now, Tiger will tee off shoHow much is South Korea paying the U.S. for protection against NoGet the big picture but be prepared for the picture to change. Be persistent and aleResolve to be bigger than your problems. Who’s the boss? Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith.
“ACU ANNOUNCES DONALD TRUMP TO ADDRESS CPAC 2013” Surprise – China has spies throughout NASA stealing our R&amp,D Follow Trump @DoralReso@axelpals Be prepared to go it alone--being an entrepreneur is not, initially, a group effo"Via @MiamiHerald: "Donald Trump aims to bring luxury to Doral Golf ResoMake sure to tune in to All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC this Sunday at 9PM EST for another round of fireworks and surprises!
“You have to be patient as well as enthusiastic when it comes to your goals. Think big, but be realistic.” – Think Big
Golf is a brain game &amp, is a great way to improve your business skills. Concentration,assessment, technique &amp, passion...it's all there.
Via @Newsmax_Media: “Trump to Speak at CPAC” Via @USATODAYspoThe WGC @CadillacChamp leadership board is available here: Notice the first word in my Think Big credo: Think = the 1st step. Use everything in your power to utilize &amp, develop that capacity.
Re: Decisions: Cover your bases, then ask yourself this question: "What am I pretending not to see?" This can save a lot of time &amp, trouble.
Go to Trump National Doral, Miami, and watch Tiger, Phil, Ernie, Rory and all of the other great players compete in The WGC Cadillac Champ!
I don't know why but I feel so sorry for dummy repoJohn Heilemann, the lightweight repo"Trump has big plans for improving @DoralReso@lovitt_marisa Good to hear, enjoy!
My interview w/ @nbc6 re: @CadillacChamp &amp, my $200M of future renovations invested in Trump @DoralResoIt’s been great making so many new friends at Trump @DoralReso.@somelikeitlar hope you enjoyed the premiere of All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Make sure @marklevinshow watches!
"Via @Breitba"Via @GolfweekMag: "Major makeover: Trump has big vision for Doral" "Via @FOXSpoDateline NBC, featuring yours truly, just set a season high in households in the ratings—no wonder NBC likes me so much! @nbc
Without momentum there’s a lack of energy that can lead the best of ideas to nowhere. Get your momentum going-- and keep it going.
It was just announced that @MacMiller’s song “DonaldTrump” went platinum—tell Mac Miller to kiss my ass!
Building a brand is like building a skyscraper-the foundation comes first. The bigger the building, the deeper the foundation needs to be
"Via @washingtonpost:"Donald Trump will speak at CPAC"by @rachelweinerwp It is my great honor to be speaking at CPAC 2013. They are all about what's good for America.
It’s impo“When you’re at a meeting, monitor your behavior and work at being an observer – of yourself and others.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Ernie Els and myself at Trump National Doral. The Formula of Knowledge: The best way to learn is through studying the history of success and failures in your industry.
Rory, Tiger, Phil and Ernie will be fun to watch this weekend at Trump National Doral.
Heading to Trump National Doral to check the progress prior to the staDespite previous tweet, Dennis Rodman would do a better job than the current (cont) To show you how dishonest some of the press is, they took my funny &amp, (cont) For those of you defending Bret and saying Omarosa should go remember Bret chose O which could also be considered a big mistake!
3. You should tweet your pick for MVP using the celebrity’s name followed by the hashtag #CelebApprenticeMVP.
2. The celebrity with the highest totals by Tuesday noon ET gets an extra donation to his or her charity...
1. Each week, you the audience can choose an MVP among the celebrities @CelebApprentice using Twitter......
“If you want to be successful at anything in life, you have to be able to handle pressure.” – Think Big
China has announced it is “fully prepared” for a currency war "Via @STVAberdeen: "Donald Trump reveals first image of his new Aberdeenshire hotel" Additionally, @CelebApprentice ranked as the #1 program in the 9-11 pm time period with adults in the 25-54 age group.
.@CelebApprentice wins 10-11 o’clock hour in all key ratings demographics, including, most impoGlad everyone could see Mar-a-Lago last night on @datelinenbc. It is the crown jewel of Palm Beach.
My @foxandfriends interview re: firing @bretmichaels on the premiere of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC &amp, politics "@IDKbrody: "@realDonaldTrump: So, what did you think of my decision? What would you have done? #CelebApprentice" TRUMP PRESIDENT 2016 Great"
...Brande was also smaBrande would have been fired immediately if she didn't raise $132,000, a really large sum. Bret, on the other hand, raised very little...
I will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. this morning.
So, what did you think of my decision? What would you have done? #CelebApprentice
I'll always like @OMAROSA because she constantly defends me. #CelebApprentice
.@PiersMorgan is right- he won the show because “I know how to play the game.” #CelebApprentice
.@IvankaTrump looks like a movie star from the days of glamour and beauty. #CelebApprentice
Don't worry West Coast etc. we are not going to tweet who was fired or give any indication there of until after it airs. #CelebApprentice
Paul Teutul is always good on the show. #CelebApprentice
Even @PiersMorgan is impressed by @THEGaryBusey. #CelebApprentice
.@OMAROSA as a cashier- a big mistake by @BrandenRoderick. #CelebApprentice
.@KellyandMichael are both wonderful people. Their show is terrific. #CelebApprentice
.@DennisRodman must be thinking of NoI always believed @BretMichaels was making a mistake in coming back as a competitor. I disagree with him but... .@LisaRinna looks better with her reduced lips. Good move, Lisa. #CelebApprentice
Looks like @OMAROSA is up to the challenge. #CelebApprentice
How does this cast look to you? Pretty amazing. #CelebApprentice
Losers and haters,even you, as low and dumb as you are, can learn from watching Apprentice and checking out my tweets-you can still succeed!
Losers and haters are invited to watch Celebrity Apprentice along with the many great and productive people in the hope that you will learn.
I will be live tweeting during the Celebrity Apprentice at 9 P.M. Also will be hosting Dateline just prior to Apprentice at 8 P.M.
Everybody wants to see and talk to Dennis Rodman - he will be on Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9.
Really bad a"@jjlyons_: How comes @realDonaldTrump notices everyone but me and my tweets to him! Read my tweets sir! Big fan. your my idol." Thanks."
Is Chris Jackson as dumb as I hear - but I still like that he follows me like a good little soldier!
Remember, Bill Maher praised the animals who took down the World Trade Center and was fired by ABC. DROP@HBO until dopey Bill is canned!
Everyone should cancel HBO until they fire low life dummy Bill Maher! Get going now and feel good about yourself!
"@Peace_Janise: @realDonaldTrump Celebrity Apprentice is not just great ente"@lilispo@K9Koda. Thank you - very nice (and true)!
"@JulieWind: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump I just love your show. I have seen every season!! Thanks it is great enteJoseph Kennedy is really being used by Venezuela and Hugo C. in oil commercial!
If people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful at all. --Michelangelo
Champion @Joan_Rivers loves being on the other side of the table in the Boardroom. She leaves no punches out in @CelebApprentice!
“Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass.” – Think Big
Who would have thought that an @ApprenticeNBC champion would return to compete? @bretmichaels returns to All-Star @CelebApprentice...
Only the Obama WH can get away with attacking Bob Woodward.
Today marks the one year anniversary of @AndrewBreitbaDue to popular demand, @lisarinna returns to the 13th season of All-Star @CelebApprentice. Lisa's fans won't be disappointed!
We should leave Afghanistan immediately. No more wasted lives. If we have to go back in, we go in hard &amp, quick. Rebuild the US first.
Continued success is built on building a brand people know will deliver. Unless you’re @KarlRove. Then you just blame the Tea PaNewly minted diplomat @dennisrodman is a completely different competitor in All-Star @CelebApprentice. Dennis is a legend!
Remember, this Sunday I am also featured on @datelinenbc at 8PM, right before the premiere of All-Star @CelebApprentice @nbc likes me!
"Donald Trump returns to the 'Apprentice' boardroom" Pay attention to details. If you don't know every aspect of what you're doing, you're setting yourself up for some big surprises.
I am happy that "The Job" on CBS, the 16th. knockoff of the Apprentice, was just cancelled. I love to see my opponents lose (not nice)!
By popular request, I will be live tweeting during Celebrity Apprentice (Sunday 9 P.M.).
Thanks Matthew!
"@RavDaddy: @realDonaldTrump who should they looking at?" I would tell@ CNN if they were smaIt is going to be a long and tough road to turn around CNN - they are looking at the wrong people!
Erin Burnett, who has no ratings on CNN in prime time, now wants more money to move to the morning slot. @CNN should say "no way".
Thank you - so nice.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.--Ralph Waldo Emerson
As China is built on corporate espionage, currency manipulation &amp, cheap labor, its economy is a ticking time bomb Are you a Democrat running in a race you should lose? Get @KarlRove to run an ad against you and you will win.
"Donald Trump Explains Why He Called Django Unchained 'Racist' In Tweet" Over the years, I've discovered that for a brand to build, the people surrounding it have to work exceptionally well together.
One good aspect of the Obama depression is that it will separate the winners from the losers. If you can make it now, you deserve it!
Remember, no one ever said success was easy.Good luck doesn’t come overnight.But if u work hard &amp, love it, u will find success &amp, luck.
I am very proud of @StephenBaldwin7’s performance in the record 13th season of All-Star @CelebApprentice. Watch.
Everyone is excited for @THEGaryBusey’s return to All-Star @CelebApprentice. Be warned, this time Gary is even more insane!
Be sure to watch “The History of WrestleMania” on @netflix. My interview explains how I suppo"Donald Trump Returns For 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice'" "Via @AP: "Donald Trump returns to the 'Apprentice' boardroom" “To succeed, one must be creative and persistent.” - John H. Johnson
Being the best requires full-time attention and application.” – Midas Touch
.@StephenBaldwin7 and me at a press event for All-Star @ApprenticeNBC earlier today at @TrumpTowerNY.... Karl Rove’s ads are the worst in political history!
Karl Rove’s stupid ad made Ashley Judd hot—now everybody is talking about her.
Ashley Judd has just thanked Karl Rove for all the attention he has given her—unreal!—how stupid can we get?
If Mitch McConnell wants to win his election, he’d better get rid of jinxed Karl Rove and fast...
... Rove’s ad campaign has made Ashley Judd a totally credible candidate. Be careful Mitch!
How come nobody mentions that the Nielsen Ratings of the Apprentice, after 12 seasons-- as shown by Howard Stern --totally blow away...
... the ratings of Shark Tank. Everyone was hitting on me until the numbers came in—and now—dead silence!
The government will spend over $3.8T this year. The sequester is a pittance of the outlays, less than 2%. Where’s the problem?
Isn’t it ironic that President Obama, of all people, is pushing for ‘universal background checks?!'
What is wrong with the @GOP? Now they want to give all authority on the sequester cuts to Obama There was a major diplomatic breakthrough yesterday w/the White House, Iran &amp, China. All celebrated Chuck Hagel being voted in as SOD.
The Trump Doral's @cadillacchamp is Florida’s premiere golf-tournament. I'll be there! Tickets available here: My @todayshow show interview with @IvankaTrump discussing the fierce competition in All-Star @CelebApprentice My interview w/ @WendyWilliams on @WendyShow discussing @MichelleObama's bangs &amp, All-Star @CelebApprentice "Via @WWE: "Donald Trump announced for WWE Hall of Fame" "Flashback: "Donald Trump: $200M plan for Doral" Is everything ok over there @Salon? I actually got some good press from them today.
Everyone loves TV’s darling @TheRealMarilu. But wait until you see her tough &amp, competitive side in the upcoming @CelebApprentice!
My @LateNightJimmy interview with @jimmyfallon discussing the new season of All-Star @CelebApprentice "Must-see morning clip: Donald Trump addresses Lil Wayne tweet and 'Celebrity Apprentice'"Great news - @BarbaraJWalters has fully recovered and will be back on @theviewtv this coming Monday. Barbara is wonderful!
"Via @TODAY_Clicker: "Donald Trump promises 'tough and mean and nasty' 'Celebrity Apprentice'" The Pope should not have resigned—he should have lived it out. It hu...and says something is seriously wrong. He will never go down as great!
.@IvankaTrump and me at the @todayshow this morning. Was photo bombed yesterday by a wise guy when I left the set of @LateNightJimmy...
.....Guy in front asked for picture- said he was the biggest fan, never saw the guy in back.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined." --Henry David Thoreau
Many people have commented that my fragrance, “Success” is the best scent &amp, lasts the longest. Try it &amp, let me know what you think!
.@GoAngelo—the next time you have a rally @Macy’s, try getting 12 people instead of 11—it would be much more effective!
Heading over to@Kelly and Michael re. Apprentice!
Just did Howard Stern Show-great time. Now doing The Today Show with Ivanka. ENJOY!
Will be on Howard Stern at 6.45 A.M. and the Today Show at 8.00 A.M.
Why does@ Bill O'Reilly keep putting Karl Rove on his show-a total waste of time. Rove spent $400, 000, 000 and didn't win a race-pathetic!
On Jimmy Fallon tonight.
Dopey @billmaher still owes me $5M for charity. I hope he pays up before @hbo fires him--which will happen!
Looking forward to the @CadillacChamp at Trump Doral next week, 3.6.-3.10. Can’t wait to meet the attendees. #WGCDoral
.@tedcruz must be doing something right if @cher, sadly rated “the 4th ugliest celebrity” according to @listverse, is attacking him.
You have to feel bad for the Democrat Senators. They don’t want Hagel either. Just following Obama’s orders.
The ruling @GOP consultant class of losers like @KarlRove have no respect for the Tea Pa"But why shouldn't I speak out? Don't you speak out in this country?" - George Steinbrenner"
There is no comparison between @ApprenticeNBC and Shark Tank in the ratings. The Apprentice beats Shark Tank hands... Just a few more days until the 13th season of All-Star @CelebApprentice premieres. Be sure to tune in this Sunday at 9PM on @nbc. Big!
"Donald Trump Reviews Oscars: Django 'Racist,' Ceremony 'Boring,' Set 'Tacky'..." Country music star @TraceAdkins returns to All-Star @CelebApprentice. Competing for @RedCross, Trace is great!
I will be on @LateNightJimmy tonight. Always have a good time with @jimmyfallon. Now we know he will get high ratings tonight.
One of the reasons, I assume, I was inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame is that Vince McMahon and I have the all time highest ratings...
... and pay per view records with “Battle of the Billionaires” in Detroit. It was a wild day!
It is a great honor for me to be inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame. This will take place on April 6...
... at Madison Square Garden followed by a ceremony with 80,000 people at MetLife Stadium, Wrestlemania.
Thanks Go Angelo, people are now really aware of my ties, shi".....you keep forgetting to mention the fragrance, "Success"!"
A ce..... I wonder if Angelo has a job or is on assistance. In any event, I'm sure he is a nice guy!
When employees are working at home they can never have the same cohesivness as working together as a group...
... Also, if they’re at home who the hell knows what they’re doing (a second job maybe).
Now I know that Yahoo is in good hands. It took great courage for @marissamayer to take away the right of employees to work at home.
Donald Trump: Yahoo, Marissa Mayer Are Right, Employees Should Not Work From Home" Via @BleacherRepo"Via @MiamiHerald:"Donald Trump to be inducted into WWE Hall of Fame" "Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish." - Michelangelo
Set your sights and aim high. You never know what you can achieve until you focus on achieving it." - Midas Touch
The United States better address China's exchange rate before they steal our country and it is too late! China is laughing at us.
Shark Tank is a dead Friday night filler compared to the Apprentice which has been number one show for week in the T. V. ratings!
Wow, I was just informed that I'm being inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame-- a great honor -- 4/6/13 at @MSGnyc- China is buying gas fields in Texas ... &amp, all Obama is concerned about stopping them doing is buying wind farms Obama is finally stopping the Chinese from buying something in America – windfarms Our leaders are terrible. The government spends over $50B a day. It can’t find cuts for less than 2 days of spending?! Sad!
The countdown is on. The 13th season of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC premieres this Sunday March 3rd at 9PM EST on @nbc. Big!
The $85B sequester is just 2% of Obama's $3.5T record deficit spending budget. Our leaders are ruining our children's future.
Must read column by Bob Woodward explaining how Obama pushed for sequestration &amp, promised no tax increase Obama is making speeches excoriating the Republicans, and they never answer back. Why aren’t they fighting?
"Via @Mediaite: "Donald Trump Trashes 'Tacky,' 'Boring' Oscars, Blasts 'Racist' Django Unchained" "DONALD TRUMP BLASTS THE OSCARS" My @foxandfriends re: the sequestration, failure of leadership in DC, China playing us &amp, taking over in 2016 My @gretawire interview discussing why the sequestration cuts are necessary, our $17T national debt &amp, 2016 election "Via @Mediaite: "Trump to @gretawire: Sequester Cuts Don’t Go Far Enough’" .@MarissaMayer is right to expect Yahoo employees to come to the workplace vs. working at home. She is doing a great job!
An individual, whose whole career is trying to take down successful celebrities with nonsense campaigns, has turned his attention to me.....
...So far, he has been a complete failure at doing so. He should read The AThe media is so in the tank for Obama that it is amazing—the funny thing is, he can’t stand them!
Speaker John Boehner, who I like, should never have agreed to raise taxes because the Republicans got absolutely nothing for it!
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool...
People buy deals &amp, immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals..
.... It is a very effective &amp, commonly used business tool.
Whenever one of the morons say I wear a wig, stop reading because they have no credibility &amp, just hate.
Why do losers &amp, haters always say I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t. Like it or not, it’s all mine—just ask Barbara Walters.
How did you like Michelle Obama’s bangs last night?
Last night William Shatner had more ai...Overall, the Academy Awards were very average at best.
I'll be doing Fox and Friends this morning at seven.
I've had enough of this - good night!
The Oscar broadcast is really boring - where is the glamour and beauty?
Sorry, I never went bankrupt and don't wear a wig (it's all mine)!
Anne Hathaway is a good winner!
Lincoln never sounded like that!
Shirley B did a very good job singing Goldfinger! Not easy.
Very tacky set!
Django Unchained is the most racist movie I have ever seen, it sucked!
You are right-more like the opening of the Tonys.
I don't like the opening even a little bit!
How do you like Seth and Oscars so far?
Here we go with the Oscars!
Congrats to @JimmieJohnson, a great guy, on winning Daytona!
Dummy goAngelo, keep letting people know how great my shi"Come on goAngelo, don't give up now just because your "rally" at Macy's drew only eleven people for twenty minutes! I love@ Macy's."
By popular demand, I will be tweeting on the very tainted Academy Awards tonight!
I'm saying that the Tea PaWhy didn't movie Lincoln use Ford's Theater for big scene instead of the stage of an unrelated theater?
Big response to my Tea PaRepublicans better sta@BeaumontAnthony. Next Sunday!
I hope Oprah gives Lance Armstrong 100 million dollars because that's what that ridiculous interview will cost him!
Lance Armstrong is now being sued by Fed Govt-what was he thinkking?
“In every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten...
...then he who continues the attack wins.” - Ulysses S. Grant
For the Republicans to have any success these next two years, they must have a long game plan...
... Doesn’t seem like they have a coherent strategy right now.
Vince McMahon @WWE and I hold the all-time ratings &amp, pay-per-view record in the history of wrestling.
The PGA tour just extended my Trump Doral contract for WGC for ten years.
Enjoyed my visit to Trump Doral in Miami yesterday. Looking forward to returning for the WGC-@Cadillac Championship on March 6th-10th...
... Will be there front &amp, center along with the 70 greatest players in the world. WGC-@Cadillac Championship
Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Donald Trump visits Doral resoWhat would All-Star @ApprenticeNBC be w/out a Baldwin? @StephenBaldwin7 is at the top of his game this season. Our fans will be happy.
I've just done a major Dateline for NBC - March 3rd just ahead of Apprentice.
Drew Peterson just got 36 years for killing his wife - bring back the death penalty!
“Positive thinking is not merely wishful thinking...
... It is all about incorporating a sense of optimism into everything you do while also acknowledging the negative.” – Think Big
China is not our friend. They are not our ally. They want to oveCongrats to Miss Universe 2011 @RealLeilaLopes &amp, @Giant great @OsiUmenyiora on their engagement! I am very happy for you both.
Interesting aTwitter will soon be irrelevant if lowlifes are so easily able to hack into accounts.
Only 10 more days until the premiere of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. On March 3rd at 9PM EST @NBC the fireworks return to the Board Room!
My Twitter has been seriously hacked--- and we are looking for the perpetrators.
Republicans must be careful with immigration—don’t give our country away.
John McCain had a really hard time with his town hall meeting on immigration. They really went after him!
.@mcuban, you were excellent on Howard Stern...thanks for the nice comments about my kids...yours are winners also!
Wow, Macy's numbers just in-Trump is doing better than ever - thanks for your great suppo@OnMyLevelLopez. That's why you're a failure!
THE APPRENTICE. - 10 years, 182 shows - many at number one for week or night -Amazing! @NBC
The Job" on CBS, the 15th copy of The Apprentice, was just cancelled - I love it!
"A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his oppo"...and an optimist is one who makes oppo@America4RandR. Thanks!
Despite all the statements to the contrary, Obama’s policies will increase taxes on everyone It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it. - Douglas MacA@MrMokelly. Dopey, nobody is laughing at me!
I am hearing that @NRCC Digital Director @lansing is doing great work expanding and modernizing @GOP social media. Good – we need it.
I had amazing time in Charlotte. Great people &amp, many new friends. I look forward to coming back very soon. Congrats to Gavin &amp, Staff.
Former winner @bretmichaels returns to All-Star @ApprenticeNBC March 3rd on @NBC. Bret shows once again why he is a champion!
"Via @kmovnewsfeed: "Photos: Tour Donald Trump's NC golf club" .@DianneG @WCNC To the “news bigs” -- elevate Dianne Gallagher immediately—she is terrific!
My @ WCNC News interview w/ @DianneG touring the magnificent Trump National Charlotte course &amp, facilities The Oscar Pistorius disaster is a really interesting story to me—a very sad situation for everyone!
I’m really saddened to see that @Cher was voted “the 4th ugliest celebrity” according to @listverse....
...While I fully agree, it is not politically correct! Looks like a lawsuit against GoAngelo won’t work—my ties &amp, shiMy ties &amp, shiDummy @GoAngelo who had 11 people show up for 15 min. at his “massive” rally at Macy’s is trying to get publicity for self by using me
Review your work habits &amp, make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't tread water--get out there and go for it.
Re: Success-- Don't put blinders on and do not limit yourself, reach out, seek and explore. Think big at all times.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Too many people rely on auto correct...an assistant of mine apologizes!
The many losers and haters never have the brains or stamina to become truly successful!
Always protect against the downside--the upside will take care of itself." Donald J. Trump
$5 a gallon gas and we have yet to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. OPEC is laughing at us.
"Donald Trump will keynote Oakland County Republicans' Lincoln Day dinner" Now China is helping Iran smuggle nuclear paGood news - @AFPhq is going to fight back against Rove’s attack on the Tea PaIdiot @billmaher always forgets to mention that I am suing him to collect the $5M for charity, that he expressly offered.
".@billmaher says that "the Iraelis are controlling our government" “Being an entrepreneur is a big task. So what can you do to prepare? First and foremost, expand your focus.” - Midas Touch
Via @theobserver: "Donald Trump: Lake Norman golf course 'one of the hottest places around'" “Trump: 'I like No"I love the Lakers and when you love the Lakers, you want them to win so badly that you will work tirelessly." - Dr. Jerry Buss
Dianne Gallagher @DianneG is a great repoAll-Star @ApprenticeNBC, premiering March 3rd on @NBC, features terrific TV stars competing in the toughest tasks yet. Will be great.
Great to see @Yankees Captain Derek Jeter back on the field. He will have another great season and make NYC proud again.
My exclusive @WSOC_TV interview with @BlairMiller9 discussing Trump National NoMy @foxandfriends interview discussing Pres. Obama playing golf w/@TigerWoods, US Airways-American merger &amp, oil Listen and learn from others but make your own decisions. Use your instincts--you alone know where you want to go.
Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once--a formidable combination.
Jerry Buss was a great guy and friend. He will be missed!
I am surprised that Hugo Chavez can keep power in his weak physical condition!
I said gas prices would sky rocket after election - Opec payback!
Great going.
If I’m the third most envied man in America, the small group of haters and losers must be nauseas.
Wow—Family Feud said I am the third most envied man in America. I respectfully disagree—I am very modest.
“If the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led, like sheep to the slaughter.” - George Washington
Looks like @bwilliams is having some problems with his Rock Center with Brian Williams show--I hate to see such bad ratings for @NBC.
Chuck Hagel’s nomination has been held up for at least 12 more days. A lot can happen.
People have been asking to hear my Howard Stern interview—you can access it on @HowardTV.
The American-US Airways merger will create even worse service and much higher fares.
Trump National Golf Club, Charlotte, is the premiere club in NoLooking forward to speaking @acnnews International Convention tomorrow morning in Charlotte, NC "Via @freep: "Trump to speak to GOP" All-Star @ApprenticeNBC has done the impossible. TV's greatest villain @OMAROSA &amp, @THEGaryBusey are in competition. Fireworks!
"Trump: Rove 'Made a Fool Out of Himself'" "Via @theblaze: "Donald Trump on how Rubio should have drank his water" I never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
Remember, if you don't promote yourself, then no one else will! Likewise, believe in yourself--or no one else will either.
Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated with--make your work count.
“Do not give in to anger. It destroys your focus on goals and ruins your concentration.” – Think Big
If you can count the amount of time you put into a project on your fingers, then you haven’t spent enough time on it.
Take responsibility for yourself--it's a very empowering attitude.
Thanks for all the great comments on all my recent interviews. Much appreciated.
Obama vacationing in West Palm Beach staNo surprise, with the talk of amnesty in DC, illegal immigration is picking up in Arizona Not only did Egypt destroy its civil society w/ the Muslim Brotherhood, now it is a complete economic mess In my office with Banana Joe, who just won the @WKCDOGS at @MSGnyc. .@GOP need to face reality – not one of the illegal immigrants granted amnesty will vote Republican.
The Tea Pa@jason23_9 @deesnider @ApprenticeNBC March 3rd, 9 PM EST on NBC.
Everyone's favorite frontman, Twisted Sister lead singer @deesnider returns to this year’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. Dee does great!
I believe in free markets but allowing a merger of US Air &amp, American Airlines is totally ridiculous! Will control most of US market.
If US Air and American Airlines are allowed to merge, we are back to the days of “monopoly.”
“Trump: Rove Gave Us Obama” "Via @BW: "Donald Trump Vows to Fight Scottish Wind Farm Plan in CouVia @Breitba@tonystang Thanks Tony, good luck.
Really enjoyed my interview with @marklevinshow. He is terrific!
My @marklevinshow interview discussing Obama's SOTU, Rove's attack on the Tea Pa“Donald Trump on Mark Levin: Karl Rove is one of the most overrated people in politics” Congrats @TrumpToronto for being ranked #1 on @TripAdvisor and a Travellers' Choice 2013 Winner!
Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you’re expanding your net wo@EvaMannarino Hi Evelina.
Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself and your interests.
If US Air &amp, American Airlines are allowed to merge, ticket prices will skyrocket—there will be no competition.
It is impo@JUrciuoli19 Happy biWow, Trump International Hotel &amp, Tower Toronto was just ranked #1 out of 138 hotels in Toronto! @TrumpToronto
“Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.” – Pres. John F. Kennedy
What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and follow it.
You've got something unique to offer--find out what it is. Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Innovation can follow..
Be focused, be disciplined, be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification.
Whatever you are doing right now, make sure to stop for a minute, focus and ask yourself “Am I thinking BIG?”
What a shock – higher taxes are slowing retail spending Speaking to a record crowd of over 20,000 people in Charlotte Arena this Saturday morning—look forward to it!
She’s back! Champion @Joan_Rivers returns to the boardroom in this year’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. Joan is ferocious.
Next time Marco Rubio should drink his water from a glass as opposed to a bottle—would have much less negative impact.
Marco Rubio is being crucified by the media for drinking water during speech!
Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an oppo@NMcCay Yes.
Pay attention to global news and developments--in today's world that is a requirement, not an elective.
“The harder you work, the luckier you get.” - Gary Player
When will people realize that @billmaher is not an intellectual, but actually a rather dumb guy—just look at his past.
“Successful people don't have fewer problems.They have determined that nothing will stop them from going forward.” Dr. Benjamin Carson
NY should frack now. What’s the hold up? Is Albany opposed to creating jobs and making gas cheaper for middle class?
Please tell me what is going on with the Republicans?
I went to Wha@pathselo Good luck!
Check @billmaher’s background &amp, you will find he is not a smaI don’t know what will happen with the lawsuit against dummy @billmaher but have an obligation to charity to bring it.
Surprised @Eagles signed Michael Vick yesterday to be their 2013 QB. Vick is talented but brittle &amp, probably won't last long.
The President’s speech tonight will largely focus on class warfare. The Republicans don’t know how to handle that—I do.
Will the Keystone XL pipeline finally be approved? Will create over 100,000 jobs and make us more energy independent.
Another must read from Jeffrey Lord @amspec: “Rove Email Leaks: Ideological War Opens in GOP” Great news - @TPPatriots are sta@Millionayer Hi and thanks.
To all young college graduates – stick in there, keep your head up and make sure you don’t miss any oppoHave confidence, work hard, and keep your focus on the small things that matter while keeping the big picture in mind.
Always pretend that you’re working for yourself. You’ll do a wonderful job. It’s simple, but it works.
Magician extraordinaire @pennjillette is back in the All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. This time he has even more tricks up his sleeve.
SEAL who shot Bin Laden is unemployed &amp, can’t feed his family How can any Senator vote for Hagel as Sec. of Defense after that horrific hearing? He is not up for the job but will probably get it.
The new course at Trump International Scotland will be a par-72 layout, with five sets of tees ranging from 7,540 yards to 5,630.
My Doral Country Club purchase was made just before Miami real estate market went through the roof—good timing!
Sorry, but @piersmorgan is a good &amp, smaIt’s okay but why do the haters (&amp, losers) want to follow me on twitter?? Get a life!
“Trump to build second Scottish course” .@MelaniaTrump looks amazing in 2000 @SInow! Via @GolfweekMag: “Trump reveals routing for second course in Scotland” While in Charlotte this weekend will visit my Trump National Golf Club on Lake Norman—a magnificent place &amp, doing really well!
Going to Charlotte, NC to speak before more than 20,000 people on Saturday morning—total sellout crowd—will be great!
Sad. Our food stamp rolls now surpass the entire population of Spain Preview of Obama’s SOTU: More taxes, bigger government, shrink the private sector, end the Republicans &amp, bankrupt the country. Enjoy!
I endorsed a book on ObamaCare &amp, it just went to #2 on the New York Times bestseller list!
“Donald Trump: Karl Rove Has Done Ashley Judd A Favor” What do you think of my suing @billmaher for $5M for charity? He made an offer, I accepted.
Can you imagine if @billmaher said about Obama what he said about me (orangutan etc)—the press would run him out of the country...
... but @billmaher is allowed to say that about me.
Via @BET: “Donald Trump Blasts Beyoncé for Suggestive Super Bowl Show” A mediocre person tells. A good person explains. A superior person demonstrates....
... A great person inspires others to see for themselves. – Harvey Mackay
Had a great time hosting the Palm Beach County Republican at Mar-a-Lago. @IngrahamAngle gave a strong speech. She’s great!
.@KarlRove is far more to blame for Obama's victory than the Tea Pa"Trump: I Love the Tea Pa"Thanks to Donald Trump" “Donald Trump: ‘Karl Rove Is A Total Loser,’ So Why Are People Still Giving Him Money?” “Donald Trump offers political advice to Palm Beach Republicans” "Great column by @howardfineman on @HuffPostPol: "Karl Rove Is Done" Why does @KarlRove lie about his Reagan credentials? I don’t like bullies. I am not going to stand around and watch @KarlRove target the Tea PaVia @politicalwire: Tweet of the Day Congratulations to my friend @RoccoMediate on winning the big golf tournament today!
Good luck @RoccoMediate and nice hat! ".@BillMaher's so called show on HBO must be the cheapest "special" produced in the history of television--- it sucks!"
How does @HBO employ @BillMaher with a pathetic show that he does---- what kind of "a special" is that? Complete garbage!
Dummy @BillMaher forgot to say that he made an absolute offer which I accepted. Hopefully, charity gets $5M dollars.
No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life. - Samuel Goldwyn
Being an entrepreneur is not a group effoAshley Judd Targeted by @karlrove's Super PAC in Ad (Video) .@karlrove’s ad is the best thing that ever happened to Ashley Judd—simply increases her profile.
See the Ashley Judd ad by @karlrove and you will definitely vote for her and love Obama.
Is @karlrove incompetent? 400 million dollars down the drain and not 1 victory!
The dollar always talks in the end--although our pols are killing the dollar!
Can you imagine if Bush’s administration drafted a memo legalizing the killing of Americans?! Democrats are such hypocrites.
The past 4 years have seen the weakest multiyear recovery since WWII China keeps manipulating its currency at our financial expense. Why do our leaders continually let China run all over us?
Hagel committee vote has been postponed as Hagel refuses to disclose all his finances A-Rod’s forgery defense is blown Develop your gut instincts and act on them. You will have your biggest successes when you go with your gut--but be very sma@Derrick503 The golden rule of negotiation = He who has the gold makes the rules. Read A@bahia6085 Thanks Suz for your comments.
Back by popular demand, this year’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC sees the return of @claudiajordan! Our fans love her.
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Be reasonable and flexible, and never let anyone know exactly where you’re coming from.
Must read a"Donald Trump, Ed Koch, and the Ice Skating Rink: A Tale of Bureaucracy" Karl Rove’s strategy and commercials were the worst I have ever seen.
Karl Rove is a total loser. Money given to him might as well be thrown down the drain.
Why are people giving money to Karl Rove when he just wasted $400M without any victories? Use your head.
Knowledge requires patience, action requires courage. Put patience and courage together and you’ll be a winner.
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always oppo@ST33LY_DAN @HowardStern Thanks!
Democrats try so hard to mock &amp, belittle Republicans—&amp, the Republicans just don’t fight back—no energy!
Obama can kill Americans at will with drones but waterboarding is not allowed—only in America!
“If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God, then we will be a nation gone under.”- Ronald Reagan (Feb. 6, 1911–June 5, 2004)
My @TMZ interview with @HarveyLevinTMZ discussing how I will see my $5M lawsuit against @billmaher to the end People like doing deals with me because they know it will be profitable, that I work quickly, and that they will be treated fairly.
Terrible CBO forecast for 2013--1.4% GDP growth and 7.5%+ unemployment (really 17%+) "Now A-Rod is claiming that @MLB and @yankees are "out to get him' Be tough, be smaJust as I predicted, immigration reform will increase the cost of ObamaCare over $300B .@sternshow My interview with Howard Stern this morning! Oh the wonders of the Arab Spring. Our new 'ally' the Muslim Brotherhood hosted Ahmadinejad yesterday Happy 102nd biCongratulations to @gretawire on the 11 year anniversary of @FoxNews 'On the Record.' Always enjoy being interviewed by Greta. She's great.
Via @Newsmax_Media: Maher Being Sued by Trump Over Bi@ZWLykins @JohnnyPaulCole What are the dates for the hotel stay?
Wow- no longer Saturday delivery from U.S. Postal Service- no money- our poor, poor Country!
.@NBA Hall of Famer @dennisrodman rebounds for a tremendous performance in his return to this year's All-Star @ApprenticeNBC! Great guy!
Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
The best deals are good for everyone, which creates a win-win situation. Negotiation is persuasion more than power.
“You should always feel comfoImmigration reform really changes the voting scales for the Republicans—for the worse!
Re: immigration. Do the Republicans not realize that Dems will get 100% of 11 million votes no matter what they do?
Again, immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country. That’s what’s happening!
Had a great time on the @HowardStern show this morning—he will and should never change!
“Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score.The excitement is playing the game.”–The A@nick_burrell The AThanks @SherriEShepherd 4 your nice comments today on The View. U were terrific!
“Don't bunt. Aim out of the ball park. Aim for the company of immo@destinywyatt11 True!
With the record high February gas prices huGlad to hear @BrentBozell, @marklevinshow, @EWErickson &amp, @TPPatriots are standing up to @KarlRove’s attack on the Tea PaTrump @DoralReso.@BrandenRoderick returns in All-Star @ApprenticeNBC 2001 Playmate of the Year is a determined competitor. She is terrific!
Via @newsbusters: “Donald Trump Issues Statement Regarding $5 Million Lawsuit Against Bill Maher” My @foxandfriends interview re: @SuperBowl blackout, @BobbyJindal’s stupid comment &amp, suing @billmaher f/$5M A top firm like Cooley will only submit a case they believe in and can win.
The big and highly respected Cooley LLP is handling the @billmaher case for me.
Then ask: What am I pretending not to see? These two simple questions can pave the way for some very clear answers.
To entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your employees, so make it an example that will best serve your success.
Wise words from my mother: “Trust in God and be true to yourself.” Mary MacLeod Trump
Wise words from my father: “Know everything you can about what you’re doing.” Fred C. Trump
Gas prices are going up big league—I told you so—payback to OPEC!
$4 gasoline – wow—OPEC is very happy!
I am a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
“I also plan to keep making deals, big deals, and right around the clock.” – The A“Surround yourself with people who are smaVictoria's Secret reps were nasty to @KateUpton and now she is doing great.
Now the Chinese are hacking @nytimes China is buying our shale and gas fields China is about to acquire 82,800 net acres of a Texas shale oil and gas field .@marklevinshow has been saying very nice things about me on his show recently. He has a fantastic radio show that I always enjoy!
If Karl Rove &amp, @GOP Establishment continue to attack the Tea PaBe sure to listen to my interview today w/@SteveMTalk on @Newsmax_Media I am very proud of my friend @OMAROSA. Despite her recent loss,she gracefully performs in the upcoming All-Star @ApprenticeNBC
“Donald Trump dedicates second Scottish golf course to beloved mother Mary” I don’t know whether I will win or lose the @billmaher lawsuit but had an obligation to sue for charity.
.@BillMaher didn’t come through with his promised $5 million for charity so today I will sue him.
I picked seven Super Bowl winners in a row &amp, would have been right last night had the refs thrown the flag.
The Country is being run just like the stadium.
The lights went out in New Orleans...the Country's lights went out also. We are not the same place!
Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation comes from.
Ask yourself, "is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if hard times hit.
Instinct has a lot to do with timing. You have to be patient &amp, wait for your instincts to tell you the best time to make your move.
“Pa@Chiamboy8 Thanks for your kind thoughts, I love S.I.
As promised, my @SuperBowl pick is the San Francisco @49ers.
Bad. @gallupnews survey shows 30% of businesses not hiring-- they are worried they won’t be around in a year. "@JLanderson1999: @realDonaldTrump For president 2016!"
The upcoming All-Star @CelebApprentice puts the celebrities under the hardest tasks we have ever given. We really pushed the envelope
“Donald Trump to name golf course after mother” “Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.” - Abraham Lincoln
Hagel's performance yesterday was the worst I have ever seen before a committee of any kind!
Chuck Hagel showed gross incompetence before yesterdays Senate panel...our new Secretary of Defense.
Little @MacMiller—I have more hair than you do and there’s a slight age difference.
See ungrateful Little @MacMiller’s statement to me a year ago— .@CelebApprentice Flashback: “What @bretmichaels Learned from the 'Rock Star of Real Estate'” Little @MacMiller, I’m now going to teach you a big boy lesson about lawsuits and finance. You ungrateful dog!
Little @MacMiller, I want the money not the plaque you gave me!
Little @MacMiller, you illegally used my name for your song “Donald Trump” which now has over 75 million hits.
“Let other people talk. Any business conversation should be two-sided.” – Think Like a Billionaire
The real estate market in Vietnam is booming. Growth is everywhere in the world, except for the US.
Yes, I will give my @SuperBowl pick tomorrow. Watch @_KatherineWebb cover it on @InsideEdition.
Everyone is asking if and when I will endorse a candidate in the NYC mayoral race. Doing my due diligence...
“Faldo to rework two Doral courses” .@IvankaTrump, @EricTrump &amp, @DonaldJTrumpJr take no prisoners in boardroom of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice. Where do they get it from?
Big news—WOW—U.S. economy shrinks!
.@CNBC Titans: Donald Trump’ is available to live stream on @netflix and @hulu. Watch!
Just did an interview with my friend @MarkSimoneNY. Congratulations to Mark on his new show on @WOR710.
Little @MacMiller—I don’t need your praise - Little @MacMiller sent me an expensive plaque for making his song “Donald Trump” such a big hit. Mac, you still... "Well-maintained real estate is always going to be wo@mala13slp @BarackObama True!
Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools." - Napoleon Bonapa"Go with your gut. Take chances. If you think you have the ingredients that you need, take chances, because your biggest successes...
... will happen when you go against the tide, when you take a risk and it works." - Think Big
Obama's speech in Las Vegas yesterday cost the taxpayer $520 per word and over $1.6M PerveI don’t know why the @yankees keep paying A-Rod—they have a perfect out.
"Oh the wonders of the Arab Spring. Our new allies in Egypt, the Muslim Brotherhood, just called the Holocaust a "myth" Glad to hear @EWErickson has moved over to @FoxNews. Erick is a sharp political analyst.
.@yankees are privately ecstatic over A-Rod's latest doping bust. The evidence is damning "Flashback: "Donald Trump would fire A-Rod" Another nasty season premieres Sunday, March 3rd at 9/8c on NBC! "Champion @bretmichaels is back competing in the upcoming "All-Star" @CelebApprentice. Premiere is March 3rd on @NBC at 9 p.m. EST."
.@AlexSalmond See attached a“Remember people’s names and small details about them. Use both in conversation...
... People love to hear their names and their stories said out loud.” – Think Like a Billionaire
“You have to have confidence in yourself and confidence to know that what you are doing is right.” – Think Big
Immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country! Sounds like that’s what’s happening.
The Republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reform—and I said zero!
Randy Moss should not be bragging about himself—I’m the only one who is allowed to do that!
Randy Moss said he was the greatest receiver of all time—no way—it was @JerryRice!
"“Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war." The AJust as I predicted, people are going to be shocked by the rise in premium prices thanks to Obama Care Via @pbpost: “Faldo calls team-up for golf course with Trump ‘enteA-Rod is now being investigated for continued doping “If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel worn paths of accepted success.” - John D. Rockefeller
Two years ago I told everybody to sta@ellie_sinclair Thanks Ellie, I will.
“A leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone.” - Henry A. Kissinger
Still waiting to hear from @billmaher. Every day he dodges me is one less day that $5M is being used for charity.
.@TigerWoods is playing like his old self in the Farmers Insurance Open. He will have a great year.
A-Rod should do the Yankees a favor and never play again.
Here I am with Whitney Houston at a paI wonder how @JoeBiden feels after last night’s love fest between Obama and Hilary on @60Minutes. Can’t be too happy.
Is Gov. @BobbyJindal the stupid one for using the phrase “the stupid pa@Kaszie @BarackObama Casandra--It's not--thanks.
Gov. @BobbyJindal referred to the Republicans as “the stupid pa“60 Minutes” treats President Obama with kid gloves--- Mike Wallace is spinning in his grave!
Spain's government is closing down wind turbines--- the maintenance is higher than the income.
“Always remember: Dress for the job you want, not the job you have.” – Think Like a Billionaire
“Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - @jack_welch
Maybe I’m old fashioned but I don’t like seeing women in combat.
Lots of people are asking whether or not I should have run for President—stay tuned for the answer.
President Obama's inaugural had record low ratings. What does that poU.S. small businesses are truly worried about rising healthcare costs and taxes The Iranians are having 'difficulties' with their nuclear program .@lisarinna is at the top of her game in the upcoming season of @CelebApprentice All-Stars. Our fans love her.
The freezing cold weather across the country is brutal. Must be all that global warming.
Wind turbine syndrome is affecting tremendous numbers of people in their wake—stop ugly turbines.
Got to know Senator @JohnKerry in Aspen, Colorado years ago—a very solid and stand-up guy.
.@PhilMickels0n_ is right—California taxes are far too high. It’s ridiculous.
One of the country’s dumbest newspapers—The Palm Beach Post--should be put to sleep. It’s dying. @pbpost
Bought @JohnDeere stock a year ago for old fashioned reason—I love their product and service.
Radio interview w/ @seanhannity discussing @PhilMickels0n_ , why NY must staWow, the ALIS just nominated my purchase of Doral in Miami as Transaction of the Year—thanks!
“One of the keys to thinking big is total focus.” – The AIt all comes down to one simple question: How much money can you stand to lose? That’s how much risk you should assume.
“Don't find fault, find a remedy.” -- Henry Ford
The Republicans better be careful. Obama is out to destroy them!
The real estate market is slowly improving. Still a great time to buy. You will thank me in 5 years.
Watch Obama push major global warming legislation early in his second term...
...Terrible for the economy and a job killer. China is laughing at us!
.@THEGaryBusey returns to @CelebApprentice All-Stars this season. His streak of chaos and havoc continues!
Today’s assignment: read chapter three of Think Big “Basic Instincts.” Focus on my acquisition of 40 Wall Street.
Wind farms are now being paid to shut down Via @Breitba.@gretawire Greta—you’re wrong, Kirsten Powers is a dummy—wasn’t she Anthony Weiner’s girlfriend?
By continuing to give massive subsidies to Scotland’s ugly wind turbines, @David_Cameron is playing right into @AlexSalmond’s hands.
Today’s assignment: read Chapter 7 ‘Trump Tower: The Tiffany Location’ of The A"You have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - Think Big"
Almost every television network wants me badly—but I stay loyal to @NBC.
Top brand impact is what television is all about from the commercial standpoint—a big deal for @CelebApprentice.
.@CelebApprentice having “top brand impact 2012” ahead of Idol, Survivor, X Factor &amp, all others has caused quite a stir- no surprise!
I just saw my new tie &amp, shi@AndeyR @rodstewa@crconnections Thanks and enjoy.
“We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork.” - Milton Friedman
.@billmaher has not yet sent me the $5M he owes which I am giving to various charities. Come on Bill—you made a deal.
Do you notice the silence lately on wind turbine monstrosities? The people of Scotland &amp, many other countries are fighting back.
In 2010 alone our trade deficit with China cost over 566,000 jobs Health insurance premiums are rising by double digits There is no world problem which cannot be solved if people of good will &amp, intelligence want it to be.
I still can’t believe we left Iraq without the oil.
Exxon donated $250g to Obama's inaugural Stamps are going up once again. Now the US postal service will lose even more money.
Congratulations to @netanyahu on his electoral victory. He will now be the longest serving @IsraeliPM. A great leader.
Back by popular demand, @TraceAdkins delivers in the upcoming @CelebApprentice All-Stars season. Yes, he sings.
Be sure to read my column in @cnni “Europe is terrific place for investment” The New York Times should never have moved out of their magnificent, original home...
... in order to occupy space in a truly ugly office building in a much worse location!
When the New York Times sold their beautiful, long-time building for peanuts &amp, the buyer flipped it for a massive profit—they lost me!
“I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.” – Michael Jordan
I cannot believe the Republicans are extending the debt ceiling—I am a Republican &amp, I am embarrassed!
“Pride yourself on your ability to find creative solutions to tough problems." - Think Big
Happy 8th Anniversary to @MELANIATRUMP. Scary. Over 8,332,000 Americans left the work force during Obama's first term Has Pres. Obama or the White House told the public what happened in Algeria yet? Where’s the media?
The Tea PaOne positive from last week for Lance was that everyone was focused on Manti Te'o! Why did Lance do that interview?
Watch this great behind the scenes video of @IvankaTrump's Spring 2013 photo shoot- Republicans are always worried about their general approval. With proposing to 'ignore the debt ceiling' they are ignoring their base.
The worst negotiators in history (otherwise known as Republicans) have just offered to suspend debt ceiling for four months. Pathetic!
.@BarbaraJWalters Barbara—get better fast &amp, stay healthy forever.
.@KeithUrban is excellent on American Idol—great touch, solid guy!
Via @EW: “@CelebApprentice All-Stars' first trailer” My @Shalom_TV interview discussing my video endorsement of @IsraeliPM @netanyahu and past visits to @Israel Here I am with @RodStewa@JustJoanne247 @BarackObama Of course I do--for good of country!
You must promise that you will never cheat off Manti Te’o’s test papers.
PaObama’s speech indicates he wants to change this country as we know it--wow, he really feels emboldened.
If the Republicans need a chief negotiator I am always available--or can recommend some really good ones!
Republicans, don’t extend the debt ceiling—make the great deal now!
The President’s speech was very combative toward Republicans—they have obviously not earned his respect!
Socialists think profits are a vice, I consider losses the real vice." - Winston Churchill
“Pay attention to the small numbers in your finances, such as percentages and cents...
Glad to hear @InsideEdition has hired @_KatherineWebb to cover @SuperBowl. She will be absolutely terrific! Miss USA pageant is proud.
Hypocrites! @JamesOKeefeIII’s new video shows Journal News repoGet ready for the fireworks between @OMAROSA &amp, @latoyajackson in 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice! Neither one will back down.
“Golfer bids $130,000 for round with Donald Trump” in Scotland for charity Obama’s second term is going to very tough for the Republicans. The Republicans must pick their battles wisely and play smaMy @foxandfriends interview discussing Pres. Obama’s inauguration, @GOP debt plan &amp, @CelebApprentice #1 branding ...Whether you are a Republican or Democrat we should hope that Pres. @BarackObama does a great job for the country.
I wish President @BarackObama the best of luck in his second term...
Wow...NYT repoRepublicans and Democrats must come together now to make America great again!
Take action every day, and stay focused for the long haul.” - Think Big
“Trump, Dana-Farber waiting on Bill Maher” New York should Frack. Thousands of jobs and millions in revenue. NY would be a truly rich state.
.@_KatherineWebb with some of my memorabilia. Champion @bretmichaels triumphantly returns to 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. Spoiler – Bret is back to his winning ways.
.@Deadspin’s disgusting response will teach me &amp, others not to be nice anymore—a sad lesson.
.@Deadspin will never make it—they don’t understand graciousness or money—and best guy is leaving?
Dummies @Deadspin had their big payday taken from them by others in the media.
.@Deadspin guys are total losers—they had their story stolen right from under their bad complexions—other media capitalized!
Alabama people are saying their team has real football &amp, real girlfriends—not good for Notre Dame—but they’ll be back!
I still say Te'o did this in order to get sympathy for the Heisman vote—thankfully he did not win.
Te’o’s imaginary girlfriend is one of the great cons of all time—or he’s very stupid.
The interview was great for @Oprah and terrible for Lance Armstrong!
.@Oprah was great-- amazing that she got Lance Armstrong to totally destroy his life. Why did he ever do that interview?
Lance Armstrong did himself great harm last night. Lawsuits &amp, failure will follow him!
"You wouldn't believe how tall and beautiful @_KatherineWebb is- 6'5" in heels. She is also a total winner in... Miss Alabama @_KatherineWebb stopped by to say hello today. Trump Doral’s renovations are right on schedule .@Boeing stock went way down because of 787- so I just bought stock in @Boeing- great company!
The interview with Oprah will cause Lance Armstrong huge legal and financial problems- sometimes it is better to go into a corner and hide.
I'll bet Lance Armstrong wishes he didn't do the interview with Oprah-- he's saying to himself "what was I thinking?
.@HBO should fire @BillMaher and bring back @DennisDMZ- someone that is actually funny.
.@BillMaher’s show is great for helping me get to sleep--- better than Sominex.
.@BillMaher needs to cut back on the pot, and maybe he will stop making offers he can’t afford.
Dumbass @BillMaher has still not given me the 5 million he committed to charity--- we just presented him with a demand notice.
Brent Musburger did himself a great favor by saying what everyone was thinking- he is much more popular now than before.
.@ESPN’s apology(Brent Musburger) was a disgrace to broadcasting--- stop being so politically correct!
IMO--- Manti Te’o was involved in a hoax for sympathy to get the Heisman Trophy.
Can it just be new age that Manti Te’o fell in love with a girl he never met or is it a hoax?
Not believable that Manti Te’o was in love for one year with a girl he never met- she then died. He is either very stupid....
...or mentally troubled (or a con).
Congratulations to Tom Scocca and Timothy Burke of @Deadspin for exposing the Manti Te’o fiasco.
The first ever All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC premieres Sunday March 3rd! Look, I have always liked Lance Armstrong- I just hated what he did to himself, including recently. His life will now be hell.
Lance Armstrong made a really big mistake by opening up to Oprah. I’ll bet he wishes he had the chance to do it over again.
Lance Armstrong was given very,very bad advice!
Journal News readership is already down 50 percent over the years.
If everybody sued the Journal News for revealing their info (guns)- paper would go out of business.
Does anyone remember this @BillMaher clip when he got fired from ABC- in fact, fired like a dog! “Go as far as you can see, when you get there, you'll be able to see fa@quiteefranklee Thanks and enjoy.
China watched Obama’s press conference yesterday salivating. We will be borrowing trillions more from them.
Glad to hear Derek Jeter just removed his boot and is practicing on the field for @yankees. Derek is a true champion.
Our country, under President Obama, is on life suppoRe Lance Armstrong—not only was it a big lie but a big lie that lasted too long!
Does anyone really believe that Chuck Hagel is sorry for any of his past comments or suppo"We’re singlehandedly transferring hundreds of billions of dollars a year..."
... to OPEC countries that hate our guts. It’s stupid policy.”- Time To Get Tough
... Is a third pa@kingantoine1 Thanks Antoine.
.@Playboy Playmate of the Year @BrandenRoderick returns to the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice--she is smaThe word is that Lance Armstrong will now implicate officials and others --- but who knows if he’s telling the truth
“Hard work is my personal method for financial success. You can do it, too.” - Think Big
“Do your homework before you invest. A dumb investor is a dead investor.” – Think Like a Billionaire
We were led to believe that Jeep would manufacture in U.S. and sell to China—like China does to us.
Unlike U.S., China taxes things made in the U.S. and sold in China. China demands plants, we don’t. Stupid!
Lance Armstrong’s liability &amp, lawsuits against him have just increased tenfold—his lawyers will be very happy—lots of fees!
Lance Armstrong is having a breakdown. What is he doing—his life is now officially over!
From Bloomberg: “Chrysler’s Jeep expects China production agreement soon.” I told you so.
Never bet against Bob Kraft, Bill Belichick or Tom Brady! @Patriots
“You can have the most wonderful product in the world, but if people don’t know about it, it’s not wo“I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom.” -- George S. Patton
Where’s the press? 1,484: 72% of Afghan Casualties Have Occurred Under Obama Can you believe that the Afghan war is our “longest war” ever—bring our troops home, rebuild the U.S., make America great again.
If someone says “I’ll bet you ten dollars” and loses the bet, it’s pay up time.
“A savvy investor is a sponge for information. You have to read the newspapers...
Please tune in January 15th at 6:00AM EST, and 6:00PM EST, to the QVC network to watch my wife @MELANIATRUMP...
... debut her first 2013 “Melania® Timepieces &amp, Fashion Jewelry” collection!
It is snowing in Jerusalem and across Lebanon. Global warming!
I agree with Pres. Obama on Afghanistan. We should have a speedy withdrawal. Why should we keep wasting our money -- rebuild the U.S.!
Everyone is sta"There’s nothing “compassionate” about allowing welfare dependency to be passed from generation to generation." - Time To Get Tough"
Still waiting for a response from @billmaher. Does he even have $5 million?
Sadly, I’m probably helping @billmaher’s lowly rated show—but charity will benefit by $5 million so it’s wo.@nbc did a great job last night with the @GoldenGlobes!
Back by popular demand, @latoyajackson returns to the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. She is fierce in the Board Room!
Just as I predicted, today Obama called for even more tax increases. The Republicans played right into his hands and blew their cards.
Remember, as a senator, Obama did not vote for increasing the debt ceiling Can you imagine if Obama had to give today's press conference before the election? He would have lost. @GOP really blew it.
According to many, and while nominated, I would have won the Emmy many times except for my politics. @PrimetimeEmmys
Lance Armstrong is now going to admit guilt—can that be possible after many years of denying? Just go away Lance.
Is @billmaher the dumbest man on television?—I think so.
By the way, folks, @billmaher is not a smaDopey @billmaher is in for a lot of trouble—I hope he has $5 million (for charity).
I am a handwriting analyst. Jack Lew’s handwriting shows, while strange, that he is very secretive—not necessarily a bad thing.
The Republicans have been played into a trap by the President--they forgot the 14th amendment.....
...and will be very embarrassed unless they get smaI can’t believe @Denver_Broncos allowed final touchdown—dumbest defensive play I have ever seen in football.
Peyton Manning should have passed on 3rd down!
Congratulations to Bob Kraft and Coach Bill Belichick for having built an amazing team. @Patriots
Congratulations to Tom Brady @Patriots -- he is a great quaWow, I have just exceeded 2 million followers--and in such a sho“I believe in spending what you have to. But I also believe in not spending more than you should.” - The A@andyliz99 Thank you.
“If you have a crisis, whether on a ship or wherever, there are heroes who rise above it.” - Jerry Bruckheimer
I can’t wait to donate @billmaher’s $5 million to charity. Just waiting on @billmaher to send me the money.
“If you’re still in school, pay attention. Education is a money machine.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Our new allies in Egypt the Muslim Brotherhood have close relations with Iran Let’s get out of Afghanistan. Our troops are being killed by the Afghanis we train and we waste billions there. Nonsense! Rebuild the USA.
The Baldwin family is well represented in the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice with @StephenBaldwin. Stephen does great.
“DONALD TRUMP TO BILL MAHER: PAY UP” 2nd segment of my @seanhannity @FoxNews interview discussing @billmaher's insult of parents and sending him $5M bill First segment of my @seanhannity @FoxNews interview discussing @GOP are terrible negotiators &amp, lost all their cards "I promoted the hell out of Trump Tower, but I also had a great product." - The A@tonytuanvu Thank you and good luck.
Again, don’t forget to watch @hannityshow tonight on Fox at 9 o’clock EST.
"People love gossip. It's the biggest thing that keeps the ente@henriwts @BaetensGe@MattOmell March 3rd
Scary. President Obama told Boehner that the government doesn't have a spending problem My @extratv interview discussing @Rosie's new baby, my acceptance of @billmaher's $5M offer &amp, hiring @_KatherineWebb New rule for @billmaher: check the law before you make a public absolute offer.
"Katherine Webb gets a Donald Trump job offer, says she's 'shocked' about the attention" "Via @FoxNews: "Donald Trump sends Bill Maher bi.@NBA hall of famer @dennisrodman brings his A game in the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. This time, Dennis is a star!
My @eonline interview discussing @_KatherineWebb's stardom and why @espn's apology was unwarranted "If you want to be a success, you have to get used to frequently hearing the word no and ignoring it." - Think Big"
I will be doing @hannityshow tonight on Fox at 9 o’clock. Will be interesting and tough!
I hope @billmaher comes through with his $5 million offer, which I fully accepted, or I will be forced to sue him. All goes to charity!
Money may not grow from trees, but it does grow from talent, hard work, and brains." - Think Like a Billionaire
Experience is the teacher of all things." - Julius Caesar
All successful people are high energy people who are passionate about what they do. Find a passion that energizes you." - Think Big
He's back! @THEGaryBusey returns to cause even more trouble in the13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.
"Via @eonline: "Donald Trump wants Katherine Webb for Miss USA judge" Small bright spot in lackluster economy - travel industry added 81,000 jobs in 2012 This is how it sta"Chuck Hagel: Wrong For Defense" Hagel has been endorsed by China What a great couple... Katherine Webb and AJ McCarron. They are both winners!
It’s amazing that people can say such bad things about me but if I say bad things about them, it becomes a national incident.
Apparently @MaWatch @extratv's spot covering the first annual Trump Invitational at Mar-a-Lago I hope @billmaher pays quickly so that this money can immediately be given to the charities.
The charities I have designated for @billmaher's donations are: Police Athletic League-New York, March of Dimes, Hurricane Sandy victims....
...American Cancer Society, and the Dana Farber Cancer Center.
I have accepted @billmaher’s $5 million offer paid to me for charity (made on the @jayleno show).
Lawyers have sent @billmaher demand notice and necessary documentation.
.@billmaher was so nervous talking about me on the @jayleno show—I’ve never seen him like that!
.@FranksFight Keep fighting, Frank! Never give up!
“Give me a sma@shineb4 @jayleno @billmaher Thanks
“In this game, knowledge is the key to power.” - Think Big
The fans are going to love the tasks in the upcoming 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. The biggest yet!
We are going to ask Katherine Webb to be a judge at the Miss USA Pageant coming up in Las Vegas.
Miss Alabama, Katherine Webb, has been a truly great representative of the Ms. USA Organization ..We are proud of her!
“Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.” – Think Like a Billionaire
The Iranians are sure happy with Obama’s nomination of Hagel. Already praising Hagel as ‘Anti-Israel’ Why would Obama ever nominate someone for Sec. of Defense who opposes sanctions against Iran when Obama claims to suppo@ethwhite Hi Ethan
Congratulations to @AlabamaFTBL on winning the BCS championship last night!
Golf Odyssey just named Trump Scotland “Golf course of the year.”Wow—Golf Magazine just named Trump Scotland “best new course.”“What you dream about is what you will do. If you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in life.”- Think Big
“The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.” - The ATrade with China has killed over 29% of US manufacturing jobs in the US Glad to hear my @foxandfriends’ Monday interview continues to get big ratings. Great way to sta@yfentrepreneur thanks--work hard and good luck.
“When you have confidence, you can have a lot of fun. And when you have fun, you can do amazing things.” - @RealJoeNamath
Nominating Chuck Hagel for SOD is the wrong move for Obama. He doesn’t need the fight. Too much political capital will be wasted.
I hope the Republicans are happy. Just as I predicted, that stupid deal they voted for only whetted Obama’s appetite for more taxes.
Trump Invitational" at Mar-a-Lago was a huge success. Raised millions for charity and was the 1st equestrian event held in Palm Beach.
.@ewanshearer Happy Bi.@ArsenioOFFICIAL Thx for the good wishes--you are going to have a really big year!
“Donald Trump hosts first-ever 'Trump Invitational' at Mar-a-Lago” My @foxandfriends interview discussing Chuck Hagel nomination, Republicans terrible deal making &amp, where we go next Take a look at this amazing photo of the cast from the first ever All Star @CelebApprentice "Never, never, never give up." - Winston Churchill"
The 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice is unique. We really pushed the envelope here. Our great and loyal fans will love it.
To all young entrepreneurs entering the business world - stay positive, focused and remember everything has its ups and downs.
Make sure you take some time to enjoy the weekend. Impo@AdeleBrumley Adele--Happy Bi"I aim very high, and then just keep pushing and pushing to get what I'm after." - The A@KWierzba Never give up--keep at it!
Wealth comes from big goals and sustained action toward those goals every day." - Think Big
“Spend your time enjoying your big dreams.” - Think Big
Just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
I’ll bet Obama now uses the amendment for the debt ceiling.
The Trump Organization is going revolutionize Rio de Janeiro’s downtown poRepublicans had all the cards but not the guts to make a great deal!
Great to see Sec. Clinton leaving the hospital yesterday with @ChelseaClinton and Pres. Clinton. Glad she is recuperating.
So Obama and Congress can waste billions in Iraq &amp, Afghanistan building roads &amp, schools but can’t get money to the NJ &amp, NY Sandy victims?
The Republicans look so weak and foolish—what the hell are they doing?
“Think of yourself as a one-man army. You’re not only the commander in chief, you’re the soldier as well.” – Think Like a Billionaire
The boardroom has never been as intense as in the upcoming13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. Premieres March 3rd on @NBC!
"“In the end, you’re measured not by how much you unde@PashtunPrince March 3rd.
I can't believe Republican leadership allowed such a stupid deal to be made. They are rapidly giving up all of their cards.
Via @politicalwire: “Trump Not Happy with Republicans” “Donald Trump on ‘cliff’: ‘Other countries are eating our lunch’” .@RGIII &amp, @DangeRussWilson &amp, Luck are very special players--will be great playoff games.
“If you strike out, nobody is going to help you--not your friends, not the government. You have to look to look out for yourself.”-Think Big
New York City hosted over 52 million visitors in 2012. Congrats to @GovernorCorbett--he's right to be suing @NCAA over the ridiculous deal made by the trustees of Penn State This ‘deal’ @RNC voted for has $41 in tax increases for every $1 in spending cuts. It is pathetic. Obama is laughing at them.
Make sure you realize that this ‘deal’ is only a stop gap measure.Obama will be looking to raise even more taxes in the coming negotiation..
...Remember--I told you so.
Obama's deal raises taxes on 77% of national households. With Obama Care taxes kicking in now, everyone will be paying for his 2nd term.
Medicare payments have become so unpredictable that record amount of doctors are now leaving Via @HuffPostPol: “Donald Trump: 'Republicans May Be The Worst Negotiators In History'”.@GOP’s election loss and failed negotiations will serve as a case study in how third paThe Republicans must face reality &amp, create a strong &amp, positive immigration policy--if not they will continue to lose elections.
“If we get tough and make the hard choices, we can make America a rich nation—and respected—once again.” – Time to Get Tough
Congratulations to @RobinRobe“I always follow my own instincts, but I am not going to kid you: it’s also nice to get good reviews.” - The A"Donald Trump praises @LilJon and welcomes him back to All Star @CelebApprentice" The paMy @foxandfriends interview from Monday discussing Obama’s tone, going over the curb and Republican debt ceiling card Does any Republican have the ability to negotiate?
This is a terrible deal for the country and an embarrassment for Republicans!
Maybe Boehner will stop this one sided deal in the House...I hope so!
What is Mitch McConnell thinking?...make the big deal!
I am a Republican...but the Republicans may be the worst negotiators in history!
Obama and the Democrats are laughing at the deal they just made...the Republicans got nothing!
To EVERYONE, including all haters and losers, HAPPY NEW YEAR. Work hard, be sma"@BrettNeveraski: I see you @realDonaldTrump In the end, you're measured not by how much you undeWithout passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. Find work that you love and the energy will be there.
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. Instead make your work more pleasurable.
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
Where’s the electability? Jeb is losing to HRC by 13 points. A Bush will never beat a Clinton. Wake up @GOP!
The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available at @Macys, tops all menswear styles. Dress to impress! This Sunday at 9/8C, the real playoffs begin with the premiere of @apprenticenbc! Game on in the Boardroom... "@realDBP: @realDonaldTrump @rinibobusepi Mr. Trump, will you consider running for President? The country needs you."
"@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump You are the kindest hea.@CoachDanMullen Great to have you and your GREAT team at Trump National Doral. Go out and finish your fantastic season in style!
If you can’t see it, it will never happen. Bring your vision to fruition through perseverance and hard work. That will build momentum.
Via @Inc by @steelwire: “Donald Trump – To Micromanage or Not To Micromanage?” Via @CarrGaz: “Trump’s grand plans for @TrumpTurnberry resoVia @NewsInTheBurg: “@chefjoseandres to open restaurant in Trump Int’l Washington, D.C.” Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
If you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
Deals are my a"@RamonAtila: I enjoyed your book 'Think like a Billionaire' for the second time. You give very practical advice and it really helps"
Can the relationship between the mayor of New York City and the police force ever be fixed? Tune in to @foxandfriends at 7:15.
I will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:15" Hope you enjoy and agree!
"@randallbuMerry Christmas to all - have a fantastic day, year and life! The World, with great leadership, will become a much more beautiful place!
So many people think I will not run for President.Wow, I wonder what the response will be if I do. Even the haters and losers will be happy!
Via @Newsmax_Media by Alana Marie Burke: “Donald Trump 2016: 7 Key Political Positions” Latin America’s tallest building @TrumpPanama is the perfect getaway location to celebrate the New Year in luxury "@RealPro4Real: My Christmas Wish! Trump for Pres. in 2016 @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 "@ODedOnRealityTV: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC My bi"@jjbentleya"@N7_Batchelor: What @realDonaldTrump had to say about Al Sharpton was spot on. Wish more Americans would speak their minds about him."
Dummy Bill Maher did an adve"@rpoole1954: @RealPro4Real @realDonaldTrump Doesn't get much better than that! Trump and Tiger on golf!#Dubai"
"@Mrs_JPG: Negotiation is an aEntrepreneurs: Absorb, assess, and then act. Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt, know you can deal with it.
Entrepreneurs: Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith. Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
So excited to have @SantanaCarlos performing at the 2015 #CadillacChampionship at @TrumpDoral: Congrats @TrumpDoral for being named one of the Most Notable Openings of 2014 from @BizBash: Plan a perfect weekend for the holidays in NYC's hottest neighborhood using @TrumpSoHo’s 20% offer Entrepreneurs: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
Entrepreneurs: Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.
Entrepreneurs: Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effo"@Bernardv777: @realDonaldTrump @AplemonLemon You would be what the country needs a true buisnessman! An American citizin that really cares!"
On @foxandfriends in two minutes!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning - Monday - at 8:00. Much to talk about!
Be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. Push yourself, you can do it. Think Big!
Via @townhallcom by @MattTowery: “Why Trump Should Run” “The way to get staRomney was the architect of ObamaCare. Bush’s Chief Justice legalized the monstrosity. Notice a trend?
#FlashbackFriday Just after I did my renovation in Central Park of @TrumpRink -A Clinton already defeated a Bush. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing twice &amp, expecting a different result.
If only Obama would treat @IsraeliPM @netanyahu with the same respect he awards tyrants. Very strange &amp, dangerous for our national security.
Obama now wants to deny due process to the police. He’ll give all constitutional rights to the terrorists but not our cops.
My @greta interview discussing why we do not need another Bush "@SeeCLyde1 Mr. Trump I believe Sir we can take this country back and make it greater than it's ever been before! God bless you!" Thanks."
"@Wa"@McVeighKevin My @realDonaldTrump illustration as seen in audience of the @WendyWilliams show! Not so smaShould have settled ... Ft Lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after Trump trial victory.
Pigs get slaughtered ... again. Ft Lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after Trump trial victory.
Another clip from my @greta interview discussing why Sony should not have capitulated to the hackers My @WendyWilliams appearance re Sony, Atlantic City, @ApprenticeNBC &amp, 2016 The movie may be garbage but we can’t let a foreign country dictate to us what to watch. @SonyPictures
Amy Pascal of Sony was totally used by Rev. Al Sharpton. She should be fired for stupidity.
Must read @ConservReview aVia @ScotlandNow: “Donald Trump staGreat @foxbusiness interview with @EricTrump on @TeamCavuto discussing the real estate economy &amp, 2016 "My @Yahoo 'Power Players' interview with @jonkarl "Inside Donald Trump’s new digs on Pennsylvania Avenue” Premiering Jan. 4th, the record 14th season’s @ApprenticeNBC cast is the nastiest yet “@NMoralesNBC, @ThomasARobeMust watch @IvankaTrump interview on @gma discussing #Girlpower Will be interviewed tonight at 7 by @greta re Sony &amp, Bush
#TBT It is great being paI'll be co-hosting @extratv tonight. Be sure to tune in!
We fully suppoCongratulations @TrumpSoHo for making @CNTraveler's #GoldList2015! "@JeremyWinder: We need @realDonaldTrump in office. Guide this country back to its roots!!"
#TrumpVlog #TheInterviewMovie A sad day for freedom of speech- Via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew: “Donald Trump: 'Last Thing We Need Is Another Bush'” After destroying the Middle East &amp, our economy, the Bushes last gift was having Justice RobeIn Charlottesville, VA, @trumpwinery is Virginia’s largest winery with 200 acres of French vinifera varieties "Via @ABC by @jonkarl &amp, @JordynPhelps: "Donald Trump Says Jeb Bush is the ‘Last Thing We Need’" Via @GolfDigest by @LukeKerrDineen: “@MichaelBreed to open golf academy at Donald Trump’s @TrumpFerryPoint” .@washingtonpost by @OConnellPostbiz:“Donald Trump lands @chefjoseandres for Old Post Office flagship restaurant” My @FoxNews int, with @TeamCavuto on the state of world affairs, economy, the Bushes etc. Story written by a @HuffingtonPost repoI can’t believe the great @wjcaSuccess is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
Tweet me your New Year's resolution to make America great again! #TrumpNewYearsRes Via @WBJonline by @WBJHolan: “Donald Trump hints at presidential run, promises 'great luxury hotel' for D.C.” Via @TheScotsman: “Donald Trump’s @TrumpTurnberry plan gets go-ahead” Obama has admitted that he spends his mornings watching @ESPN. Then he plays golf, fundraises &amp, grants amnesty to illegals.
Obama attacks the CIA for waterboarding while routinely droning civilians caught in the Islamist crosshairs.
Via @MailOnline by @dmaTHE LAST THING THIS COUNTRY NEEDS IS ANOTHER BUSH!
“Donald Trump on Jeb Bush: ‘The last thing we need is another Bush’” C-SPAN/Conversation with Donald Trump/Economic Club of Washington, DC “See yourself as victorious! That will focus you in the right direction.” – Trump Never Give Up
With Miami’s top #NewYearsEve vacation package @TrumpDoral is the perfect option to celebrate the sta“Ice Skaters Invade Mar-a-Lago as Snow Falls on Palm Beach Salvation Army Ball!” "@kyle_42120: Donald Trump @realDonaldTrump running for #president? YES please! #youhavemyVote"
How many more times do we all have to watch and pay for that stupid and never ending #SmokeyBearHug commercial. How much is govt. spending?
"@L3nny85: Incredible interview @megynkelly I hope @SenJohnMcCain was watching. cc: @realDonaldTrump @wolfblitzer #ToVia @DailyMail by @chriskitching: “Luxury penthouse at @TrumpChicago skyscraper sells for record $17M” “Revenge is sweet and not fattening.” - Alfred Hitchcock
30 million Americans are unemployed yet Obama has set up workshops across the country for illegals to get Amnesty The CIA deserves our praise for taking the fight to the enemy in the dark corners of the world. The CIA perseveres, the politicians whine!
The lights went out at the White House today Via @TVGrapevine: “@ApprenticeNBC: Premieres Sunday, January 4, 2015” Looking forward to tonight's conversation w/ David Rubenstein @TheEconomicClub. Airing live on @cspan at 7PM EST .@Zagat named Christmas Day Brunch @TrumpChicago @SixteenChicago one of the best in the city! #TrumpHolidays "@BeatsByRay: @realDonaldTrump You're a legend!!" Wow!"
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - in 10 minutes. HAVE A GREAT DAY ALL!
"@TheRevAl @realDonaldTrump No wonder Sony is doing so badly. Really stupid leadership that wants Al Sharpton to help. Watch him turn the tables on chief Amy Pascal.
Can you believe that Sony chief Amy Pascal wants to meet with Al Sharpton to seek forgiveness for her racial slurs. Al is laughing at her!
The Jets should have let them score to get the number one draft pick, who will be really good. It will just never change for them!
“Some people spend an entire lifetime wondering if they made a difference in the world.The Marines don't have that problem.”- Ronald Reagan
Isn't it interesting that immediately after September 11th, everybody was asking for, and indeed demanding, to"@Everclear_King: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016"
When terrorists are beheading and executing American citizens in such a brutal way,the repo"@ConstanceMcN: @realDonaldTrump: Donald, I am in love and admire you! Run for president in 2016 and all will be well!"
The terrorists cut off the heads of Americans and laugh, then want to sell us the bodies for $1,000,000. We fight over sleep deprivation!
“Trump, Tiger Team Up to Create 'Stunning' Golf Course in Dubai” These Islamists chop Americans’ heads off and want to destroy us. We should be applauding the CIA, not persecuting them.
If America was under the threat of imminent attack, would Obama use to#TBT My confirmation picture at First Presbyterian Church in Jamaica, NY. "@redvetttes: @realDonaldTrump @itsRyanHilton if he tells China where to go ,He has my vote"
Congress’ greatest card against Obama is the power of the purse. Use it!
"@maxtucci: @ucfoundation #MaraLago You have the best staff.. it's always a pleasure doing events at your home Central Park’s top locale @TrumpRink is open throughout the holidays. Our Skating School is excellent &amp, acclaimed Via @BreitbaVia @11AliveNews by @JenniferJJacobs: “Trump heads to Iowa as '16 speculation rises” Policy towards our enemies: Hit them hard, hit them fast, hit them often &amp, then tell them it was because they are the enemy!
Obama &amp, Democrat leaders did a great disservice by releasing the papers on toI will miss @Letterman &amp, doing his show. He was always intriguing &amp, smaEntrepreneurs: Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing. Then go with your gut. Your instincts r there for a reason
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. And never give up!
Entrepreneurs: View any conflict as an oppo"@BenTrawlins @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump Riding that tiger as we speak!" Great!"
Conde Nast made a big mistake going into the World Trade Center. The place is a total disaster, and I feel this is only the beginning!
People are really unhappy with the endless security checks at the new World Trade Center. Durst is a terrible manager. Tenants furious!
Durst is a disaster at operating the new World Trade Center. It takes forever for workers or visitors to get in with impossible security.
“Generals don't panic, then the troops never panic.” - @SHAQ
RomneyCare/ObamaCare architect Gruber apologized for his comments. He should apologize for the $2T monstrosity &amp, return all taxpayer money.
Via @Citizens_United: “Donald Trump To Speak At The Iowa Freedom Summit in Des Moines on January 24th” "Via @DMRegister by @JenniferJJacobs: "Trump adds events to his Iowa trip next month" Looking forward to being hosted &amp, interviewed next Monday by David Rubenstein at the @TheEconomicClub ICYMI, @nypost’s @LoisWeiss described my Monday @ICSC speech @javitscenter as one of my “best and most riveting” "@TimboWoods: @realDonaldTrump please run for president"
The #WomenWhoWork campaign from @IvankaTrump "@itsRyanHilton: VOTE @realDonaldTrump for a no BS President and let's make America the greatest country again"
President Obama, Gruber and all of the other Obama cronies got ObamaCare passed by lies and fraudulent statements. Cou"@iosuahh: It feels good working ove"@FLGorman_HB: Lunch w Donald Trump @icsc New York National Dealmaking. Really good."
“Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.” – Mike Ditka
Via @GolfweekMag by @GolfweekBRomine: “@TigerWoods to design Trump course in Dubai” Glad to see RomneyCare/ObamaCare architect Gruber being eviscerated on the Hill today. He should return all taxpayer money he was paid.
ObamaCare continues to increase insurance premiums &amp, raise record deductibles. New Congress must use every tool to defund.
Very sad &amp, dangerous that soon to be ex-Intelligence Chair Dianne Feinstein released the CIA repo“The longer you play, the better chance the better player has of winning.” - @jacknicklaus
With imposing dunes on the rugged Aberdeenshire coastline, @TrumpScotland’s Championship Course is a masterpiece Via @worldnetdaily by @jerome_corsi: “Donald Trump: Obama’s Jobless Figures ‘Phony.’ Economists agree.” “@DamacOfficial Announces @TigerWoods to Create Golf Course for Trump World Golf Club Dubai” We're missing a lot of information on autism. Suppo"@abaker20: @realDarrin I'm so excited for this upcoming season of #CelebrityApprentice. This looks like it's going to be amazing"
Sorry, @Rosie is a mentally sick woman, a bully, a dummy and, above all, a loser. Other than that she is just wonderful!
.@GolfMagazine is great, thanks!
"@PatrickTrushell: Serious today..had to break out the @realDonaldTrump tie for this deal today.. "Thank you @GolfMagazine for your fantastic review of The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral - "BEST U.S. RESOWow, @GolfMagazine just rated the renovation of The Blue Monster the best of the year. Even better they stated it may be best of all time!
Our country and our "leaders" are getting dumber all the time. Now they are about to release full documentation on toObama opposes sanctions on Iran "When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you haven't." -- Thomas A. Edison
Congratulations to @BillCassidy on a decisive win this past Saturday. Bill will be a pro-growth &amp, pro-energy Senator.
The CIA repoVia @StarsEntLive by Nick Ricko: “@kevinjonas, @IanZiering In Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC First Look” Congratulations to @TrumpPanama for being named one of the “Best of +VIP Access” hotels for 2014 by @Expedia!Home of @PGATOUR’s @CadillacChamp, @TrumpDoral represents all that is Miami: energy, glamour, innovation &amp, luxury On schedule for 2016 completion @trumpvancouver's 57 story twisting tower will be the icon of Vancouver’s skyline "@foxandfriends:Should #CIA to"@WPS1879LTD: We are spending the day at the #NYConf and look forward to the keynote presentation from @realDonaldTrump" Great!"
They should close down Rolling Stone Magazine after the phony rape charge story. University of Virginia should sue them for big bucks!
I'll be on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. So much to talk about!
"@adidasfevernova: @realDonaldTrump hey Donald - where can I purchase a #Trump2016 campaign shi"@Mogainc @realDonaldTrump @CelebApprentice when is the new season staEntrepreneurs: Believe in yourself! If you don't, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs: You have to have passion. If you love your work, success will follow.
I never gave anybody hell! I just told the truth and they thought it was hell. -- Harry S. Truman
#TBT With James Lipton on the set of @ApprenticeNBC “Failure has a thousand explanations. Success doesn't need one.” - Alec Guinness
Obama is giving Social Security &amp, ObamaCare to illegals, yet wants to cut military benefits Looking forward to speaking at prestigious @TheEconomicClub on December 15th ".@Newsmax by @melaniebatley: "Donald Trump Tells Why He's Eyeing the White House.I'll Tell You Why He Could Win." Via NYTimes, What's Your Ideal Gadget? "@Tacosandmore @realDonaldTrump just rocked trump collection for interview. Great shi"@Dietztaa_9: If Donald Trump ran for president, he'd have my vote based on his Twitter account alone"
"@bucezoxisesu: @realDonaldTrump Reading an all time favorite TRUMP: The A"@RealPro4Real: The best advice you can get in a book! Trump: The A“You can’t wear a blindfold in business. A regular pa“Keep your focus global and you may very well find yourself ahead of the game.” – Trump Never Give Up
Broken borders, $18T debt, ObamaCare failing &amp, over budget. Don’t worry our president is still fundraising State DepaCongress must pass a budget and hold Obama to it. No more continuing resolutions and no more excuses. Republicans soon hold both houses.
Ring in 2015 in downtown New York’s most elite 5 Star hotel. @TrumpSoHo offers 46 luxurious stories of excellence With magnificent views, @TrumpChicago is the perfect venue to host impact events &amp, business meetings The cast of the new season of apprenticenbc. Premieres January 4th on NBC. "@Jagbarron Finally get to watch one of my favorite shows again trailer looks good #celebrityapprentice “Each excellent thing, once learned, serves for a measure of all other knowledge.” - Philip Sidney
In the very least, Congress must defund Obama’s unconstitutional amnesty order.
It’s Tuesday. How many more ‘The View’ Execs will leak that they want @rosie gone? Show is failing.
Yesterday our national debt topped a record $18T. Over 44% has accrued under Obama. A real mess.
"Via @PeoplesCompany: "Real Estate Magnate Donald J. Trump to Headline 2015 @LandExpo in West Des Moines, Iowa" "Via @DMRegister by @JoelAschbrenner: "Trump to speak at @LandExpo in West Des Moines" Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Keep your focus intact!
Young entrepreneurs: Your success is measured by results. Be productive in the face of challenges. Setbacks are not fatal.
Tickets are now available for the 2015 @CadillacChamp at @TrumpDoral, March 4-8: So sad that BuVia Newsmax. Nice a“Success is dependent on effo“Lifestyle unveils Trump Home brand in GCC” "@JessArrigo: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President!! Make it happen, we need an intelligent leader! 💞 #trumpforpresident"
No surprise. @Rosie is failing on @TheView.Terrible ratings.“Malcontent" &amp, another season is "out of the question" "@Jerm_AHOLIC @realDonaldTrump @Rosie you should put her on #CelebrityApprentice just to fire her!" First night!
If ObamaCare should not be repealed then why has Obama &amp, Congress exempted their staffs?
Obama is community organizing from the Oval Office on Ferguson today. More riots sure to follow.
"Via @washingtonpost by @OConnellPostbiz:“Bidding to stay at Trump’s hotel for '17 inauguration?Pick the next POTUS." Now Obama is keeping our soldiers in Afghanistan for at least another year. He is losing two wars simultaneously.
.@WhoopiGoldberg Don’t let @Rosie speak badly of you or try to bring you down. She is rude, crude &amp, not smaCongratulations to @NYCParks on quickly repairing the Lasker Rink. Record skaters this past Thanksgiving!
#TrumpVlog @Rosie wasn't even a sho#TrumpVlog @Rosie needs to rest and relax. It's not working. Rosie O’Donnell went after me again on The View in order to stir up her failing ratings. Nothing will help her--@Rosie always fails.
Ratings way down, show irrelevant. Why haven't they learned? @Rosie always fails.
Just as I predicted @Rosie would fail on The View- THE U.S.G.A. Boy's Junior Champion at Trump National Golf Club, Bedminster, just won The Australian Open. We are proud of you @JordanSpieth
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Bill Cosby is foolish, stupid, or getting bad advice in remaining silent if he is innocent. Probably guilty! Not a fan.
Happy Thanksgiving - I hope everyone can get together to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It won't be easy, nothing is, but it can be done.
There is nothing @TrumpSoHo did not think about for the holidays - @RobbRepoCongrats @TrumpChicago for being named #3 Best Business Hotel in Chicago in @TravlandLeisure's 2014 World's Best Congratulations to @TrumpNewYork for being named #1 Best Business Hotel in NYC in @TravlandLeisure's 2014 World's Best Business Hotels.
President Obama has absolutely no control (or respect) over the African American community-they have fared so poorly under his presidency.
If you love it, own it. @TrumpCondosLV bring unparalleled style, elegance and world class amenities to Las Vegas Who is the moron who decided to release the Ferguson grand jury findings after 9:00 o'clock in the evening. What were they thinking?
Our country is totally fractured and, with our weak leadership in Washington, you can expect Ferguson type riots and looting in other places
Sadly, because president Obama has done such a poor job as president, you won't see another black president for generations!
As China and the rest of the World continue to rip off the U.S. economically, they laugh at us and our president over the riots in Ferguson!
Can you imagine what Putin and all of our friends and enemies throughout the world are saying about the U.S. as they watch the Ferguson riot
If the decision by the grand jury in Ferguson was the exact opposite, you would still be having the riots right now!
Despite having a black president, the racial divide seems greater than it has in decades.If Obama were a leader, this would not be the case
Why would they announce a finding of the grand jury in Ferguson at 9:00 in the evening - a prime time for riots! Not smaIran and the United States just pushed deadline back SEVEN MONTHS on working out a nuclear deal. Iran is tapping along our bad negotiators!
ISIS is staThere is no excuse for riots in Ferguson regardless of the grand jury outcome.
Fact – Amnesty lowers wages and invites more lawlessness. Obama has unilaterally cancelled any chance of immigration reform.
Premiering on January 4th, the 14th season of @ApprenticeNBC will have major fireworks every episode. The Board Room is electric!
Rated @GolfMagazine as 1 of the top courses in the country, Trump Int’l Palm Beach has been expanded to 27 holes Congratulations to Chuck Hagel on one of the sho#TrumpVlog Hagel quits- Great #Thanksgiving travel and parade watching tips by @NYTimesTravel including an option from @TrumpNewYork: "@ddrocks777 .@realDonaldTrump Cannot wait for the newest season of The Celebrity Apprentice!! I've been a huge fan since it staDefense Sec.Hagel has quit. Great news for our country. The guy didn’t have a clue—grossly outmatched by our enemies. Couldn't even speak
"@DianeInVegas: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump I truly wish Mr. Trump the best he's Awesome!&amp, Very Cool. So SmaI will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - there is much to talk about (sadly)! Enjoy!
Tom Brady played great today. He is a total champ and a really nice guy, a rare combination!
Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are racist?
.@aaronschock Aaron, it was great to meet you at Trump Tower. Also, really good job on television!
Congratulations to Bill O’Brien on being named the Republican Speaker of the NH House. Well-earned &amp, well-deserved. A great guy.
“Be tough, be smaTrump Tower Punta del Este’s cylindrical tower redefines the essence of luxury. On the sands of Playa Brava “Intellectuals solve problems, geniuses prevent them.” – AlbeVia @Suntimes’ @CSTearlyoften by @FSPIELMAN: “Council sign rules mean Trump name will loom large on river” Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
If you really want to succeed, you'll have to go for it every day. The big time isn't for slackers. Keep up your stamina and remain curious.
They're going to riot in Ferguson no matter what.
You don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal. -- The AWith multiple space options, @TrumpChicago is the ideal venue to hold your dream wedding Awarded 5 stars from @ForbesInspector, @TrumpTO offers 261 rooms &amp, 115 suites in the center of downtown Toronto If we do not protect the rule of law then we can expect even more illegals to cross the border. Obama’s executive amnesty is dangerous.
Iraq should be paying us while we fight ISIS. Give the money to the families of our brave soldiers.
.@BlairKamin Sorry sucker, as usual you lose again. You couldn't work for me for 10 seconds. Bad critic-- great sign. New York City’s iconic architectural masterpiece @TrumpTowerNY houses prime commercial, residential &amp, retail space I enjoyed meeting with @MattBlunt @TrumpTowerNY to discuss why our government must address currency manipulation. Many US jobs are at stake.
“Success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character.” - Arnold Palmer
"The Trumping of Turnberry" via Links Magazine @TrumpTurnberry Repubs must not allow Pres Obama to subveI am no fan of Bill Cosby but never-the-less some free advice - if you are innocent, do not remain silent. You look guilty as hell!
Sneak peek of Trump's trio of spectacular new seaside holes on the famed Ailsa course/@TrumpTurnberry "@jakemurray_32 @realDonaldTrump the haters are just jealous of your unbelievable success #Trump2016" Thank you."
If you don’t publicize your successes, your competitors will be sure to belittle them. Get the word out!
WATCH – WH official says that ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber was ‘an impo“If you like your plan you keep it.” = “Gruber is just some adviser.” Two of Obama’s greatest lies told to the American public.
Open for the 2014 season, Mar-a-Lago Club is an architectural masterpiece offering the finest amenities in the world “Get in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out.” – Fred C. Trump (My father!)
Via @TV3Xpose: “@IvankaTrump: Think pink in the boardroom.” For those that constantly say that “global warming” is now “climate change”—they changed the name. The name global warming wasn’t working
Power Lunching next to the #BlueMonster: "@BlakeHoagland What is the best advice you could give to a young entrepreneur, Mr. Trump?" You have to be passionate about your work!"
Entrepreneurs: always remember that deals are fluid. Terms are always negotiable and time can be the best option for success.
“The true competitors are the ones who always play to win.” – Tom Brady @Patriots
ObamaCare will continue to stop entrepreneurship, slow growth and halt research &amp, development. Defund, Repeal &amp, Replace!
“Remember that some things are woWatch – Obama in 2006: “I’ve stolen ideas from Jonathan Gruber” At least ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber admitted, albeit privately, that we were lied to by Obama. Gang of Liars.
Via @BreitbaLocated in Central Park, the iconic @TrumpRink is NYC’s top skating rink. VIP sessions are available for booking ICYMI, my @foxandfriends int. criticizing the GOP on ObamaCare, the new Congress &amp, 2016 "@Brenoconn @realDonaldTrump just back from a fabulous 2 days in doonbeg. What a hotel !!" Thanks. Congratulations to @SixteenChicago @TrumpChicago for being honored with a @MichelinGuideChi two-star rating again this year!
Chicago, don't forget tix for @EricTrumpFdn Wine Tasting Fundraiser @TrumpChicago 11/22. Proceeds benefit @StJude Just like Jonathan Gruber viciously lied &amp, called Americans “stupid” on ObamaCare, many consultants are doing the same on Global Warming.
"@ApaLooking for an excuse not to cook for Thanksgiving? Many NYC outlets will delivery a full meal, including @TrumpSoHo Obama’s China ‘climate’ deal binds America with language of ‘will’ curb emissions now while China only ‘intends’ to curb in 2030. Bad deal!
“How to travel like a billionaire! Inside Donald Trump's £63m private jet” ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber was paid over $6M with our tax dollars yet Obama only claims he ‘was some adviser.’
DepoVia @NewHampJournal by @jdistaso: “In NH, ‘The Donald’ hammers Mitt, Jeb as he again weighs a run for President” My @WMUR9 ‘Close Up’ int. with @JoshMcElveen discussing the midterms, the new Congress, travelling to NH &amp, 2016 "@bhughes0422: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends you have my suppo"@ronmeier123: @foxandfriends You are exactly what America needs going forward! MR. TRUMP for President in 2016 is a SMA"@DavidBougs: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends You'd be a winning candidate for an America starved for direct honest leadership in 2016-run!"
I will be on @foxandfriends in ten minutes - enjoy!
The entire country is FREEZING - we desperately need a heavy dose of global warming, and fast! Ice caps size reaches all time high.
I will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be talking about sleazebag Jonathan Gruber ("Americans are stupid") &amp, exec order
. #LaskerRink. We do not do the maintenance on Lasker Rink, that is done by NEW YORK CITY.
So Obama's top people responsible for ObamaCare think the American Public is stupid! All based on lies and deception! Repubs should sue.
Looking forward to addressing @TheEconomicClub on December 15th at the Marriot Marquis Washington, DC.
Via @necn by @KatherineNECN: “Trump Waiting to See Who Runs in 2016” “@TrumpFerryPoint A Brand New Championship Golf Course In NYC Developed By Donald Trump- And Anyone Can Play It” "@GolfSwingShi“Donald Trump pledges to make Prestwick Airpo"@ryan5240 after playing the new course in Aberdeen and loved it my wife taking me to Turnberry for a bi"@Barlow260 @TrumpTurnberry is a great place. I just spent the weekend there &amp, the place, golf and staff were excellent 10 out of 10" Thx!"
Left New Hampshire for Turnberry in Scotland, which I am renovating. This place is incredible! @TrumpTurnberry
I really enjoyed being in New Hampshire &amp, speaking for Joe McQuaid @deucecrew &amp, the Nackey Loeb School @LoebSchool honoring James Foley.
"Via @ConMonitorNews by @CMonitor_JVF: "Donald Trump guest speaker at event honoring James Foley" "Via Union Leader: "Trump leads tribute for slain journalist James Foley | New Hampshire First Amendment Awards" Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high. Do the best you possibly can. Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious.
Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering you are setting the example.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. Keep your focus positive.
Obama’s attack on the internet is another top down power grab. Net neutrality is the Fairness Doctrine. Will target conservative media.
“Live Free or Die.” – motto of New Hampshire
Flying to New Hampshire to keynote the @LoebSchool First Amendment Award Ceremony. Always great to visit the Granite State!
Press Conference at Glasgow Prestwick AirpoCongratulations to @TrumpDoral for being named one of @LINKSMagazine's Great Destinations: Congrats @Jean_GeorgesNYC for being named the 6th best hotel restaurant in the world! "@pathintel: @ICSC NYC Deal Making Announces Speaker Lineup inc keynote by @realDonaldTrump | "@LoisWeiss: @RealDonaldTrump Sends $25,000 To Recently Released Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi "@JackieKarlsen: Donald Trump Sends $25,000 To Recently Released Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi "@DorianHoward: @sunbeltgirl @jstines3 @Po_st Trump is an American Capitalist who actually CARES about Americans! Thank you, Mr. Trump!"
Looking forward to seeing Joe McQuaid, CuToday is #VeteransDay. Let us be thankful for our nation’s finest who fight at all corners of the eaCongrats @SixteenChicago's @ChefLents on your Chef of the Year nom in @EaterChicago Annual Eater Awards- Vote now! “If you can accept losing, you can't win.” - Vince Lombardi
The ObamaCare website still is not complete. $5 billion and no progress. Scary and sad!
Looking forward to keynoting the Nackey S. Loeb School of Communications First Amendment Awards event tomorrow in New Hampshire.
Thanks for all of the nice tweets re Sgt. Tahmooressi. Especially nice that the money will be sent today, #VeteransDay.
Via @DMRegister: “@ShawnJohnson returns to reality TV with Donald Trump” My @greta int. discussing $25,000 gift to USMC Tahmooressi, Obama’s trip to China &amp, the 2014 election results Via @PJMedia_com by @NicholasBallasy: “Trump Calls Election a ‘Big Blow to Obama... I Think He’s in Denial’” Exceptional dining matched with exceptional views, @Trumpchicago offers a unique array of 5 star dining options Happy #VeteransDay to all. And it is nice to have Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi back home.
“The only source of knowledge is experience.” – AlbeCongratulations to @NHGOP &amp, @AFPFNH for winning control of the State House &amp, Executive Council while holding State Senate. Strong results!
It is my great honor to send $25,000 to Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. #marinefreed
A single Ebola carrier infects 2 others at a minimum. STOP THE FLIGHTS! NO VISAS FROM EBOLA STRICKEN COUNTRIES!
Each and every new event space at @TrumpDoral looks stunning. See the transformation for yourself: "@AMCaristi: @realDonaldTrump @USNewsTravel @TrumpChicago I am ready to stay at ANY Trump hotel!!! #luxurytravel"
Via @USNewsTravel: “Best New York City Hotels: @TrumpNewYork” "@ScottJamesWard: @realDonaldTrump haha I don't even live in America but it would be awesome to see you president lol."
.@foxandfriends in five minutes. Enjoy!
I will be doing @foxandfriends at 8.00 a.m.
Remember, we don't get any oil from Iraq, China gets whatever ISIS hasn't already taken. So why isn't China sending the troops? Too sma"@THEPIZZAPOPO: It feels like I've been waiting for the @ApprenticeNBC FOREVER!!!!!! I'm so happy and ready for this season @realDonaldTrump"
"@ChuckNo"@Fraz_Scotcher: @TrumpScotland @realDonaldTrump amazing day at Trump Links, course keeps getting better &amp, better! Do not go back into Iraq unless they agree, in a signed formal instrument, to give the U.S. 50% of their oil reserves.Make the deal dummies!
We spent TWO TRILLION DOLLARS in Iraq and got NOTHING. Now we are going back and will again get NOTHING because our leaders are clueless!
We are now sending thousands of additional troops to Iraq to teach them how to fight - they will run, billions wasted! WHAT DOES U.S. GET?
We should immediately stop sending our beautiful American tax dollars to countries that hate us and laugh at our President’s stupidity!
Autism Speaks' Bob and Suzanne Wright will address the Pontifical Council on Health Care Workers at the Vatican in Rome. November 20-22
.@MikeAndMike I will be on the Mike &amp, Mike Show at 7.05 a.m. (ESPN) - 10 minutes. Will be fun, great guys! Radio and T.V.
Watch this video of my wonderful golf club @TrumpNationalCN in beautiful Colts Neck,NJ- "@heelshoops23: @realDonaldTrump you're a brilliant man always speaking of reform, why not run for pres?"
.@greta: Look forward to watching Greta's interview tonight at 7.00 p.m. with Marine Andrew Tahmooressi. #Marinefreed
“You just can't beat the person who never gives up.” – Babe Ruth
Via @LuxuryDaily by Joe McCaWhy did @AGSchneiderman have to fill out 3 successive ballots on Election Day? And this is our A.G.
Via @lohud by @hoopsmbd: “Buzz builds for @TrumpFerryPoint”My @971FMTalk int. with @DLoesch on #HandsOffMyGun, 2014 election results, stopping Obamacare, new Senate &amp, 2016 Via @usweekly: “Donald Trump Sounds Off on Joan Rivers' Death: ‘I Think The Doctors Made a Terrible Mistake’” Fact – every successful GOP Senate candidate just elected ran on repealing ObamaCare. In January, it’s time to move!
Via @Newsmax_Media by @spiccoli: “Donald Trump Taking 'Serious Look' at 2016 Presidential Run” The new Congress must restore military spending &amp, stop Obama budget cuts. Also, hold Obama accountable on the VA.
Obama’s Amnesty Executive Order can now be stopped by Majority Leader McConnell with riders. That’s one reason we needed the Senate.
The Maryland Democrat PaI recorded robo calls for @Perduesenate, @leezeldin &amp, @SteveKingIA. All had record wins. #MidasTouch
Yesterday was a referendum on ObamaCare &amp, all other Obama fiascos. Republicans can now rein him in.
Obama has now had two record &amp, historic midterm losses. There is Hope &amp, Change for America.
"Via @PRNewswire: "TRUMP HOTEL COLLECTION™ Announces Trump® International Hotel &amp, Tower Baku" Congratulations to @CharlieCrist who has now lost a statewide election in Florida as a Republican, Independent &amp, Democrat.
"Via @NYDailyNews: "Joan Rivers' last work for @ApprenticeNBC will run on two shows next season, says Donald Trump" #TrumpAdvice Had @SenScottBrown asked me to do a robo call for him, I would have done it and he would have won.
#TrumpVlog Make our country great again! The weak jokers who so badly hu.@Team_Mitch Fantastic win, we are all proud of you! Your victory speech last night was very gracious to an opponent whose speech was not.
A really bad night for President Obama. Now the Republicans have to get together and get the job done!
.@FLGovScott: Amazing race, tremendous courage - you deserved this win for a very old fashioned reason - you have been a great governor!
One year ago I staLooking like a really big night for Republicans - a tremendous refutation of President Obama and his failed policies!
"@shellyshells626: I must say that anything Donald says or promotes makes a huge impact on a lot of people's decisions. Sma"@ktlaudy: @realDonaldTrump so when are you going to sta"@troyer_jeb: Just ordered The A.@Team_Mitch Congratulations Mitch!
"@can_U_see_2020: "@realDonaldTrump: "@RowleyRhonda: I feel our country is falling apa.@ericbolling Great job on The Five tonight, and not only because you were so nice to The Apprentice. See you soon and thanks!
Good luck to @joniernst. You will make a wonderful Senator.
Today will be a big day @Team_Mitch for you in many ways. The country is lucky.
This season’s cast of @ApprenticeNBC brings excitement to the Board Room. Lots of surprises &amp, great tasks. Enjoy – Jan. 4th!
Today the Democrats lose big. But tomorrow the Republicans must communicate a positive pro-growth agenda.
Via @todayshow by @ReeHines: “Donald Trump reveals new @ApprenticeNBC cast, talks Joan Rivers' role on show” Today is referendum on ObamaCare, Amnesty, slow growth, having your healthcare dropped &amp, all the other lies.
Via @Newsmax_Media by @wandacarruthers: “Trump: GOP on Edge of Winning 'Big' and Forcing Obama to Act” Congratulations to @SenScottBrown on running an aggressive &amp, fair campaign. Vote for Scott today New Hampshire!
Happy BiMy @todayshow int. with @MLauer announcing the January 4th premiere &amp, cast of the 14th season of @ApprenticeNBCPhotos from the @ApprenticeNBC press conference- Watch to see the new cast of @ApprenticeNBC- "@JUrciuoli19: @getjohnkelly @realDonaldTrump Apprentice is awesome"
#TrumpAdvice Very excited for @LaraLeaYunaska and @EricTrump’s wedding this weekend.
Via @DailyCaller @NeilMunroDC: “Obama’s Border Policy Fueled Epidemic, Evidence Shows” Via @Newsmax_Media: “@RepMattSalmon: Obama 'Didn't Lift a Finger' to Help Free Marine in Mexican Prison” "@BaglanHIlls Going to invest in one of your books tomorrow! Which one would you recommend? #TRUMP" StaA Veteran &amp, true Conservative, @leezeldin will make a real difference in Washington. NY-1 GOP, GOTV for Lee tomorrow!
Congratulations to @SteveKingIA and his team on running a great campaign. Steve is a strong leader in the House.
The prestigious 800-acre @TrumpDoral boast luxurious event spaces and 5 Star restaurants Via @haaretzcom: “Donald Trump calls Obama Israel's greatest enemy” Via @Breitba.@MattGinellaGC Thx for the nice story @TrumpDoral. Look forward to showing you Trump Int’l in Aberdeen in the spring &amp, Turnberry plans.
I will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 8 (not 7).
"@StevenQRMTL: Great vibe @rebar @TrumpChicago .@MattGinellaGC Don't forget to watch Matt tomorrow on Morning Drive talking about The Blue Monster and Trump Doral. @GolfChannel
"@Nardokids:I believe you had a huge pa.@SkyscraperLive: Nick, all of the folks at Trump International next door are wishing you well. We will block the strong winds!
.@MattGinellaGC @GCMorningDrive Matt will be talking about Trump National Doral tomorrow A.M. Terrific guy, looking forward to it!
Michelle Nunn will be a rubber stamp for Barack Obama." - @Perduesenate. GOTV for David this Tuesday!
Obama/Reid/Nunn's failed economic policies are not working. @PerdueSenate will bring fresh perspective to solving problems. #GASen
Strong debate by @PerdueSenate. No question he won. We need more business leaders with bold vision to fix Washington. #GASen
Wow, so far everyone running for office who I did a ROBOCALL for has taken the lead in the polls -- the sma"@FRESHMIGZZ: @realDonaldTrump for president #Trump2016 #ibelieve"
"@RowleyRhonda: I feel our country is falling apa"@kaiame: .@TrumpDoral. Thanks for the many nice statements and to the media and golf critics for the great reviews of the brand new BLUE MONSTER!
"@BestMJPics: Michael Jackson with Donald Trump #BestMJPics .@JudgeJeanine Tonight at 9 P.M. on @FoxNews - ENJOY!
#TrumpVlog Quarantine the nurse! "@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump Amen, Mr Trump! Run for President. We need a strong leader!" Stay tuned!"
They finally let our Marine out of a Mexican prison, no thanks to Obama. Way too long. Such an event should never be allowed to happen again
The five prisoners our government so stupidly released for one pathetic traitor are now fighting and killing for ISIS-BAD DEAL! CouHaving a truly great imagination is often far more impo"@TLCr2: @jennyapples @realDonaldTrump @cnnbrk @CNN no thanks to obama"
Many of the released Guantanamo detainees are now fighting for ISIS and other enemy groups.We need proper leadership before it is too late!
Crazy - Election officials saying that there is nothing stopping illegal immigrants from voting. This is very bad (unfair) for Republicans!
“The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effo"The A70 stories over Panama Bay, @TrumpPanama’s deluxe rooms feature private balconies to enjoy the ocean views Next Tuesday, remember how our president has not lifted a finger for USMC Tahmooressi. He only wants illegals to cross our border.
#FlashbackFriday @kimkardashian on the set of @ApprenticeNBC Awarded both @ForbesInspector Five-Star &amp, @AAAFiveDiamond ratings, @TrumpNewYork’s @Jean_GeorgesNYC is fantastic. "@carguy_95 Have you written anything torwards young adults/college students on how to be successful?" Think Like a Champion is a good staHappy Halloween! .@TrumpChicago’s Spa at Trump® offers 12 treatment rooms &amp, 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the Chicago skyline “You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.” – Albe"@ronmeier123 @realdonaldtrump @foxnews @kerrygold1914 @seanhannity You can't make a leader, Mr. Trump was born a LEADER!" Thank you."
#TBT With my family growing up- I'm on the left. "@EWErickson Taking my 9yo to NYC next week for a father-daughter trip. I will take her to see Trump Tower. Architecture done right." Thx"
Jeanne Shaheen was the deciding vote for ObamaCare. Premiums have skyrocketed 90% for New Hampshire. Send @SenScottBrown to the Senate!
Mark Begich votes with Obama 97%. He opposes drilling &amp, suppoMy @NewsRadio610 int. w/@JackHeathRadio discussing Nickey S. Loeb 1st Amendment Awards Dinner &amp, @SenScottBrown Sitting at the foot of the Whitestone Bridge, @TrumpFerryPoint is an 18-hole @jacknicklaus signature course Via @golf_com by @joepassov: “@TrumpFerryPoint Will Be One of Nation's Best Public Courses” Chinese oil trader just bought “record number” of Mideast crude Via @newhampshirecom:“Tickets on sale for Loeb School Event, featuring Donald Trump” "Via @Investopedia by @swan_investor: "The Irreplaceable Brand Of Donald Trump" “No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life.” – Samuel Goldwyn
"@golf_com: .@DonaldTrump's Ferry Point in NYC will be one of the best public courses in the U.S., says @joepassov. I told you that the Giants sta“When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat.” – President Ronald Reagan
Conde Nast Traveler Readers' Choice Awards, Best ResoEntrepreneurs: Keep an open mind! Business is a creative endeavor. There are always oppoEntrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Obama will quarantine all soldiers returning from Africa for 21 days. But he still allows all who contract Ebola into country? Hypocrite.
Obama admin. called @netanyahu "chickenshit." Ironic since Bibi was an IDF Special Forces commando while Obama was a community organizer.
“Donald Trump: Mitt Romney 'Blew It,' Shouldn't Run Again” Via @Newsmax_Media by @JAGERFILE: “Donald Trump: 'Morally Unfair' to Use Soldiers in Ebola Fight” “Trump on Obama: ‘I never thought it would be this bad’” Via @HPCaTravel by @alau2: “Trump Hotel Reflects Youthful, Luxurious Vancouver: Ivanka Trump” "@Lps320P @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump Love this place. I'm a Trump resoIn game 7 of the World Series tonight, the Giants are making a big mistake in not staJust out - the POLAR ICE CAPS are at an all time high, the POLAR BEAR population has never been stronger. Where the hell is global warming?
The U.S. rocket that blew-up and crashed yesterday is emblematic of the United States under Obama. Nothing works, be it a rocket or website.
Coming soon to Pennsylvania Avenue "@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump Both Bush's were bad presidents. Why then---would Jeb Bush somehow be a great president?" He wouldn't!"
President Obama strongly considering a plan to bring non-U.S. citizens with Ebola to the United States for treatment. Now I know he's nuts!
Watch me on @SeanHannity's show at 10PM tonight on @FoxNews
Success requires 100% of your focus and 100% of your effoKeep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Mark Udall was the deciding vote for ObamaCare &amp, now 250,000 Coloradans were dropped from their plans. Vote @CoryGardner!
John Foust is a liberal who suppo“I believe anybody who is not afraid to fail is a winner.” - @JoeTorre
All the governors are already backing off of the Ebola quarantines. Bad decision that will lead to more mayhem.
WH refused a meeting with the Israeli Defense Minister. If only Obama hated Iran as much as he dislikes Israel.
The perfect getaway, @Trump_Ireland is Europe's most elite 5-star destination perfected with old-world luxury A 34 story luxury highrise, @TrumpParc offers elite amenities with residences that maximize every inch of space ObamaCare has brought skyrocketing premium increases &amp, unaffordable deductibles which will lead to less care &amp, job losses.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. Don't waste time treading water.
With our $250M in renovations, @TrumpDoral offers a wide array of courses restored to perfection Congratulations @Trump_Ireland for being named #12 reso6 @TrumpCollection hotels made @CNTraveler reader’s choice! @TrumpNewYork @TrumpSoHo @TrumpChicago @TrumpToronto @TrumpPanama @Trump_Ireland
.@Jetsetterdotcom in Hong Kong featured 8 pages on my great hometown of New York City, including @TrumpSoHo Thank you @tweetbypremier for selecting the Ocean View Suite @Trump_Ireland as one of your top 10 suites I wonder how officials @TexasTech feel now after treating Coach Mike Leach with so little respect after their loss to @TCUFootball 82-27?
"@JAdamsEden: @realDonaldTrump AFox &amp, Friends, going on now - enjoy!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7.00. (30 minutes). A great deal to talk about including Ebola quarantine.
There are just so many penalties and such long commercials in these NFL games that they are no longer woI would absolutely consider investing in Atlantic City again, great and hard working people, but much would have to change-taxes, regs., etc
Yes, I won the right to have my name taken off Trump Plaza in A.C. because it was not operated up to a very high standard and NO involvement
I made a foWith all that is happening with Ebola, including the doctor who so easily came back to New York, Obama still refuses to stop the flights!
“Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.” – Babe Ruth
There is ZERO margin for error on Ebola. Are we confident in Obama when he can’t even make a website for $5 Billion?
Saudis just cut oil supply,making prices rise “immediately” while we are fighting ISIS for them Kay Hagan profited off of the stimulus.She just skipped a debate. Kay suppoMichelle Nunn suppoVia @BreitbaCanadian PM Harper immediately called the Ottawa attack terrorism. At least NoThe Ebola doctor who just flew to N.Y. from West Africa and went on the subway, bowling and dining is a very SELFISH man-should have known!
President Obama, you are a complete and total disaster, but you have a chance to do something great and impoPresident Obama has a major meeting on the N.Y.C. Ebola outbreak, with people flying in from all over the country, but decided to play golf!
I never thought I'd say it in my lifetime, but President Barack Hussein Obama, aka Barry Sotoro, is a far worse president than Jimmy CaI have been saying for weeks for President Obama to stop the flights from West Africa. So simple, but he refused. A TOTAL incompetent!
Ebola has been confirmed in N.Y.C., with officials frantically trying to find all of the people and things he had contact with.Obama's fault
If this doctor, who so recklessly flew into New York from West Africa,has Ebola,then Obama should apologize to the American people &amp, resign!
There is a good possibility that a person who treated patients in West Africa and who FLEW into New York has Ebola. Touched many, bedlam!
Double digit premium increases because of ObamaCare. Dems trying to delay showing numbers until after election, but news is spreading fast!
Opening for the 2014 season soon, the National Register landmark Mar-a-Lago Club is the crown jewel of Palm Beach The pinnacle of the luxury public golf experience @TrumpGolfLA overlooking the Pacific Ocean in Palos Verdes Celebrate Thanksgiving @TrumpNewYork with exclusive viewing access to the 88th Annual @Macys Thanksgiving Parade® "@AndyJackson3212: @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP ,Very cool, I love NYC"
"@MELANIATRUMP: #RIPOscarDeLaRenta One of the greatest fashion designers of all time. "@MELANIATRUMP: My husband honored by the Wha"@MELANIATRUMP: Good night Washington D.C. 🇺🇸 "@MELANIATRUMP: ✈️ Washington DC ➡️ NYC 🗽 Young entrepreneurs – always remember in negotiations that sometimes the best deal you make is the one you walk away from.
Tremendous pressure on President Obama to institute a travel ban on Ebola stricken West Africa. At some point this stubborn dope will fold!
"@not_that_a @realDonaldTrump Wearing a Trump tie doesn't make you as sma#TrumpVlog Free our Marine! Alison Grimes suppoLiberal SD Dem candidate Rick Weiland wants to expand ObamaCare to single payer &amp, opposes Ebola travel ban. Send @RoundsforSenate to Senate!
“Dem candidates are all folks who vote with me.” – Barack Obama describing ALL Democrat Senate candidates
Via @Mediaite by @evanmcmurry: “Trump Calls @AGSchneiderman a Cokehead” Congratulations to @DLoesch on the release of her great new book #HandsOffMyGun! Check out @TheBlazeBooks excerpt Via @reviewjournal “Event offers glimpse of Trump high life” by Holly Ivy Dore If Mitt Romney were in the private sector &amp, he suffered the horrendous loss of 2012, do you think he’d rehire himself for 2016?—I don’t!
An interesting caLater today I’m being honored at the Park Hyatt in Washington, D.C. by the Wha#TrumpVlog South African justice- Ben Bradlee was truly one of the greats. What an amazing life he led. My warmest condolences to Dino &amp, the whole family. #BenBradlee
I'm going to D.C. today to check on the hotel I'm building on Penn. AVE., and then being honored by the WhaWhy are we letting the three girls, who left the U.S. to join ISIS, back into the country? How stupid has our once respected country become!
If there is one more Ebola case in the U.S., a full travel ban will be instituted. This common sense move should have been done long ago!
"@Electric988: A smaThe United States troops which were sent to West Africa have only gotten 4 hours of Ebola training - very unfair to them and their families!
The United States, under President Obama, has truly become the "gang that couldn't shoot straight." Everything he touches turns to garbage!
The U.S. accidentally air dropped a large shipment of military weapons and supplies right into the middle of ISIS as enemy laughs! Very sad!
Negotiation is an aDon’t believe Kay Hagan on Ebola travel ban. She also promised that you would keep your healthcare plan under ObamaCare. Vote @ThomTillis!
Obama will let Ebola fly into US &amp, drugrunners cross our border daily. But he won't pressure Mexico on Sgt. Tahmooressi. #FreeOurMarine
I will be in Washington, D.C. tomorrow to receive the 2014 Joseph Wha"@no"@bvlphonso: #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump"
Oscar Pistorious will likely only serve 10 months for the cold blooded murder of his girlfriend. Another O.J. travesty.The judge is a moron!
Wow, one of the all-time greats in fashion, OSCAR DE LA RENTA, has just died at 82. Great fashion achievements but also a really nice guy!
Oscar Pistorius only gets five years in prison for killing his girlfriend. Ridiculous decision! Judge couldn't even read her own writings.
"@MarlenaWells: #laguardia ranked as one of the worst #airpoHas everyone forgotten our marine who now sits in a Mexican prison because we have a president too incompetent or too lazy to make a call?
Via @scj by @rodbosha"Via @DMRegister by @SharynJackson: “Trump: @SteveKingIA has 'the right views'" ICYMI, you can watch my full press conference with @SteveKingIA on @shanevanderhaVia @DMRegister by @KObradovich: “Donald Trump: Next president needs to be ‘a great one’” Congratulations to @TrumpCollection’s @TrumpPanama for receiving the CeCongrats to @TrumpWaikiki for being named @Orbitz Best In Stay Elite Award Winner for Oahu for 2014!
.@AGSchneiderman must take a drug test immediately—make results public. NY Attorney General cannot be a cokehead.
It’s been stated that dopey NY @AGSchneiderman used cocaine while he was a state senator. "@timessquarehero: @realDonaldTrump Please let Donnie, Eric and Ivanka run the empire for 4 years and #saveourcountry"
I was never a fan of Bush, in fact, he was so bad he gave us Obama! But Obama is truly a pathetic excuse of a president, can't get any worse
President Obama has made one mistake after another for a very long time, and the people of the United States are just plain tired of it!
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7.00 - 45 minutes. Talking about Ebola, Obama and other strange U.S. happenings!
I just returned from Iowa - what a beautiful state. The people are amazing and the event for Congressman Steve King was a great success!
Do you believe Obama just said that America would be "less safe" with a travel ban from West Africa.This is the thinking of a total mad man!
The lobbyist and political hack that President Obama just appointed as the "Ebola Czar," just missed his first major meeting on Ebola-A joke
"@shanevanderhaI'm leaving for Iowa now - will be great!
If I were president Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call. If not,Mexico would pay a price like never before!
Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are being called racists? Perhaps not!
14 African nations have totally banned West Africans from entering their nations. Likewise many other nations. But the U.S. = "COME ON IN
"@DailyCaller by @AlexPappas: “Donald Trump, Headed To Iowa, Says Ebola Is FuObama just appointed an Ebola Czar with zero experience in the medical area and zero experience in infectious disease control. A TOTAL JOKE!
If you can’t see it, you can’t make it happen. Entrepreneurs, chase your dreams with resolute focus &amp, determination. Be positive!
Via @DailyCaller by @AlexPappas: “Donald Trump, Headed To Iowa, Says Ebola Is Fu"Donald Trump Will Be on Pennsylvania Avenue in 2016 &amp, There’s Nothing You Can Do About It" Now Michelle Nunn will not admit she voted for Obama. Of course she did. Nunn suppoThe new Ebola czar will repo.@yuSiddiqui @piersmorgan @rustyrockets I got much better—no contest—I got Melania!
.@piersmorgan Russell has nothing going for himself except for energy &amp, aggression. Without that he would be dead—a first class dummy!
Thank you Piers for the wonderful a.@katyperry will do much better- Very excited to be returning to Iowa tomorrow to campaign for my friend &amp, strong Conservative leader @SteveKingIA!
I love seeing that Graydon Ca3rd rate writer, Vicky Ward, who begged me for help- see her letters to me. "@MedievalSwan: @realDonaldTrump I love you just for that tweet! @katyperry"
Our president could not make a proper website with $5B. The website still does not work. How can we feel safe about Ebola?!
Looks like Obama will not stop the very potentially dangerous flights to and from West Africa. What the hell is wrong with this guy?
.@katyperry I watched Russell Brand and I think his mind is fried - he looks really bad. Russell is a total joke, a dummy who is lost!
.@katyperry Katy, what the hell were you thinking when you married loser Russell Brand. There is a guy who has got nothing going, a waste!
Great @FOXSpo.@katyperry must have been drunk when she married Russell Brand @rustyrockets – but he did send me a really nice letter of apology!
I watched Russell Brand @rustyrockets on the @jimmyfallon show the other night—what the hell do people see in Russell—a major loser!
My @SteveDeaceShow interview discussing Ebola, Obama’s incompetence &amp, my trip to Iowa for @SteveKingIA on Sat. Read about my victory against sleazebag @AGSchneiderman. More people should fight when they’re right! The Ebola nurse should NEVER have been allowed to fly to Cleveland and (amazing) back again. Nothing works in our once great country anymore
I am staIt is time for the airline pilots, flight attendants and the airlines themselves to stop flights to and from West Africa. Do it right now!
I just had a great victory against lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Most of his case re Trump U. was thrown out or gutted. Little remains
I can't believe that Mitt Romney would run for president again. He had his chance and blew it in the last weeks of the race.
A nurse in Dallas who treated Ebola patient Thomas Duncan was allowed to fly to Cleveland.She should never have been so allowed! The real JV
With all of the words President Obama just dispensed at his press conference, he didn't say what we all want to hear,"I'LL STOP THE FLIGHTS
“I don’t think you should ever run from history. You should learn from it and embrace it.” -@LAClippers Coach Doc Rivers
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection, available @Macys, offers this fall’s top styles in ties, shiThere's nothing like fall in #NewYorkCity. See where @TrumpCollection recommends you take in the season's beauty:"@MotivationIdeas: Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. ~ Donald Trump"
Congratulations to @David_Bossie &amp, his team @Citizens_United on their impoVia @Newsmax_Media by @wandacarruthers: “Trump: Baghdad Likely to Fall to ISIS” My @amtalker int. on @whoradio w/@SteveKingIA discussing my upcoming campaign visit for Steve this Sat. in Iowa Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is driving business &amp, jobs out of NY. Only wants self publicity—a total loser!
John @CahillForAG is one of the most respected people in politics. Dopey @AGSchneiderman is one of the least respected!
President Obama has a personal responsibility to visit &amp, embrace all people in the US who contract Ebola!
Obama still refuses to stop the flights. Is he stubborn or just plain incompetent - I say both!
"@felixs: Donald Trump's golf reso"@EinsteinCassidy: Donald Trump's Scottish hotel awarded five-star rating . It's Tuesday. @AGSchneiderman is wearing Revlon eyeliner today. Governor Cuomo aleMichelle Nunn will be a solid vote for Obama. She suppoWe pay for Obama's travel so he can fundraise millions so Democrats can run on lies. Then we pay for his golf.
Alison Grimes will protect the 'sanctity' of her Obama ballot yet admits she voted for Hillary in primary. Hypocrite. Vote @Team_Mitch!
Congratulations to @TrumpDoral's #BlueMonster course for being named one of the 10 Toughest courses on Tour This Year If you want more, you have to require more from yourself. -- Dr. Phil McGraw
So many problems in the U.S. and leadership that is hopeless...and now, on top of everything else, we just hit $18 trillion in debt!
"@HotelChatter: It's five stars for Donald Trump's Scottish hotel: As ISIS and Ebola spread like wildfire, the Obama administration just submitted a paper on how to stop climate change (aka global warming).
Can you believe that,with all of the problems and difficulties facing the U.S., President Obama spent the day playing golf.Worse than Ca"If you never want to be criticized, for goodness' sake don't do anything new." -- Jeff Bezos"
If Alison Grimes can’t admit she voted for Obama, even if she is embarrassed, then you can’t trust her! Vote @Team_Mitch!
Awarded 5 Stars by @VisitScotland, @TrumpScotland’s MacLeod House &amp, Lodge boutique hotel is an historic masterpiece The military generals are fuming at Obama. He has boxed them in against ISIS with a strategy that is destined to fail. Sad!
#TrumpVlog China is laughing at U.S. Happy belated biJust finished reading a poorly written &amp, very boring book on the General Motors Building by Vicky Ward. Waste of time! @WileyBiz
Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland awarded 5 star status by Scottish Tourism chiefs. Via MailOnline Think of this: After we spent $2 trillion on Iraq, Baghdad is about to be taken over by ISIS.
The @nfl games are so boring now that actually, I’m glad I didn’t get the Bills. Boring games, too many flags, too soft!
Even though I refused to pay a ridiculous price for the Buffalo Bills, I would have produced a winner. Now that won’t happen.
The people of Buffalo should be happy Terry Pegula got the team but I hope he does better w/the Bills than he has w/the Sabres. Good luck!
Wow, China expo"@CoxDanimal: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT #2016"
.@foxandfriends in 15 minutes!
Are NFL games getting boring or is it just my magnificent imagination? In any event, I'm just not watching them much anymore!
I will be on Fox &amp, Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Ebola and ISIS will be topics.
I don't know if President Obama isn't stopping the flights from Ebola torn West Africa because he is stubborn, stupid, or just doesn't care!
Here we go - A healthcare worker who treated Thomas Duncan, the man who flew into the U.S. from West Africa infected with Ebola, caught it!
President Obama, NOW, bring our 4000 innocent and ill-trained soldiers home from West Africa, before it is too late, AND STOP THE FLIGHTS!
Remember when I said when Saddam Hussein fell - the new leader of Iraq will be meaner and tougher and hate the U.S. even more. Welcome ISIS!
If a conservative Republican made the mistake that Mrs. Obama just made by calling Braley by the wrong name, it would be the biggest story!
Michelle Obama made a terrible mistake in Iowa. When endorsing Bruce Braley before a large crowd, she called him Bruce Bailey seven times.
Isn't it ridiculous, sta"I've never seen anything like it, everything he touches turns to gold!" So nice, a quote by Fred C.Trump about his son Donald (me!)."
Do you notice that because of Ebola, ISIS etc., ObamaCare has gone to the back burner despite horrible results coming out. A disaster!
"@MotherJones: Jon Stewa"@Maxinerunner: @SenScottBrown served in Army NationalGuard for 35 yrs with honor &amp, will serve #nhpolitics the same! Obama: “I will control Ebola.” = Obama: “If you like your health care plan, you can keep your healthcare plan.”
Wow. @nfl ratings are down big league. Glad I didn't get the Bills. Rather be lucky than good.
The @nfl ratings continue to fall every week and will keep dropping. Boring games--too many flags--too soft!
The only reason I bid on @buffalobills was to make sure they stayed in Buffalo, where they belong. Mission accomplished.
Sweat equity is the most valuable equity there is. Know your business and industry better than anyone else in the world." @mcuban
Via @clarechampion by @DanDanaherNews: “Wind Farm Proposal Near @Trump_Ireland Rejected” Via @theinquisitr: “Americans Agree With Donald Trump, 58 Percent Want Flights Banned From Ebola Outbreak Countries” #TrumpVlog Why are we the sad suckers? .@AGSchneiderman should remove his eyeliner, as pointed out by Cuomo, when he does his commercials!
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman will probably win only because he is a Dem in NY, but what a loser!
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman, the worst attorney general in the US, is in a tough election with John Cahill @CahillForAG
Obamacare puts poor people on a form of government run, single-payer health insurance that many doctors don't take" - @Avik
Seal the deal! Hold your business meeting at the luxurious @TrumpNewYork Executive Board Room Obama is making the Ebola problem much worse than it needs to be in the U.S. by not halting flights from West Africa. Airpo"@Breitba"@Breitba"@TMZ: Donald Trump Teaches Miss Pennsylvania a MILLION DOLLAR Lesson If you are interested in balancing work and pleasure, you will never succeed!
"@TPM: Donald Trump tells Fox why he doesn't trust Obama on Ebola: Benghazi! I feel sorry for the 4000 soldiers who are being forced to go the West Africa to fight Ebola. Their families are up in arms. Not trained.
Tens of millions of dollars in airstrikes had no impact because key leaders fled after hearing ON NEWS REPO"@DScroggins3: @realDonaldTrump Please run for president in 2016."
China is ripping wealth out Africa and yet, as usual, refuses to put anything back to help with Ebola. "Let the stupid Americans do it!" SAD
The residential real estate market continues to provide oppoThe CDC chief just said Ebola is spreading faster than Aids. Marines are preparing for a pandemic drill. Stop all flights from West Africa!
Obama won’t send troops to fight jihadists, yet sends them to Liberia to contract Ebola. He is a delusional failure.
Via @Mediaite by forza_desiderio: “Donald Trump Blasts Obama on Ebola: Why Are You Sending Troops?” Congratulations to @piersmorgan on his new position as Editor-at-Large for the United States of @MailOnline! My Apprentice champ!
My golf club @TrumpNationalNY in Westchester, a great place! I have to admit @AlexSalmond is a tough, smaGreat news from Ireland—Clare County Council turned down massive windfarm near my hotel &amp, golf course in Doonbeg. #TrumpVlog Will our brave soldiers catch Ebola? Right now 4000 U.S. troops are stupidly heading to West Africa to help fight Ebola.No help from China, Russia or wealthy African oil nations
“The way to get staThe U.S. is spending foIn a little repo"@cbauer747: @houseofwolf187 Motivate: why everyone wants Mr Trump for President? because he's outspoken,clever and has business savvy?"
Even Jimmy Ca"@Jackshallis: Donald Trump for president @realDonaldTrump"
Obama, stop the flights to and from West Africa NOW - before it is too late! Can't you see what's happening? Can you be that thick (stupid)?
Can you believe this fool, Dr. Thomas Frieden of CDC, just stated, "anyone with fever should be asked if they have been in West Africa" DOPE
"@HMunjal: "DonaldTrump: Via @AmSpec BY Jeffrey Lord: “Donald Trump was right on Ebola” Any American who fights with ISIS should have their passpoThe fight against ISIS staChina has just oveVia @DMRegister BY @JenniferJJacobs: “@SteveKingIA ramps up with first TV ad, Trump event” My @6abc int. with @Jim_Gardner on Atlantic City, Philadelphia’s real estate market &amp, 2014, 2016 elections Via @AmSpec BY Jeffrey Lord: “Donald Trump was right on Ebola” Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem.
Vancouver’s most anticipated hotel &amp, residences, @TrumpVancouver will unveil Canada’s first Mar-a-Lago Spa “Today's put-off objectives reduce tomorrow's achievements.” - Henry Banks
ISIS is advancing even against Obama’s airstrikes. Obama is disengaged and making the Middle East even more dangerous.
Obamacare premiums continue to rise and bend up the cross curve. And the back-end of the website does not even work.
Work Underway on First New Trump Course in Dubai, Second Course in Planning" "@scottgumbleton: Trump Int'l Golf Links, Scotland, voted best course on the planet by American Academy of Hospitality Sciences
"@moviesharkd: "Must See" Interview! Jim Gardner One on One - Donald Trump - Full Inte...: I was relentless because, more often than you would think, sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure. NEVER GIVE UP!
Via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew: “Trump: 'Maybe Something Miraculous Happens' and Obama Will Succeed” Real estate taxes are far too high @BriarcliffManor, Westchester. A total joke how they waste money! Replace Mayor Vescio.
When will Mayor Vescio and manager Zegarelli repave Pine Road in @BriarcliffManor? It is a disgrace!
Be sure to enjoy the ‘50th Anniversary Chicago International Film Festival’ at @TrumpChicago, the Windy City’s top hotel!
Via @IBDeditorials: “Most Americans Label Obama Presidency A Failure” USMC Andrew Tahmooressi should be freed immediately. He never should have been jailed in the first place. Weak leaders. #FreeOurMarine
My @gretawire int. on Leon Panetta's critique of Obama, Ebola, rise of ISIS, Obama's lack of common sense &amp, 2016 "Via @CNNMoney by @AaronSmithCNN: "The Donald wins. Trump name coming off casino" Looking forward to being @TrumpSoHo this evening for Corporate Meeting Planners reception for Trump National Doral @TrumpDoral
"@SteveMcK6abc Promo for Tonight w/ @realDonaldTrump @6abc Congratulations @Jean_GeorgesNYC for 10 years of 3 #MichelinStars! Visit the restaurant in @TrumpNewYork for a meal you’ll never forget.
Just put in ad for a real estate executive: “Hard work, low pay, mean boss!”
"@lizuli_fitness:I really hope you run for president. Your Kentucky has a chance to have the Senate Majority Leader, Mitch McConnell, representing it in Washington. Big power for State. Don't blow it
I can't believe Mitch McConnell isn't way up in the Kentucky polls. Massive seniority brings so much power and status to State. Brings K.$'s
Despite the ever increasing Ebola disaster, Obama refuses to stop flights from West Africa.It's almost like he's saying F-you to U.S. public
Obama has missed 58% of his intelligence briefings. But our president does make 100% of his fundraisers.
I will be on On The Record @gretawire tonight at 7 PM
“Trump to campaign for @SteveKingIA” Via @FootwearNews by @kristenmhenning: “@IvankaTrump Works to Beat Breast Cancer” “Donald Trump to crown @FIU as Miss Universe venue” “@DonaldJTrumpJr: ‘We want to build everything in Dubai” Via @DailyCaller by @NeilMunroDC: “Trump Wants Ebola Travel Ban” .@ScotGolfPodcast Work has not yet begun. We're in the approval phase. It will be amazing. You will love the final result.
"Congrats @JanineTurner on new book "A Little Bit Vulnerable" you're a breath of fresh air in the political forum Do you think crooked @AGSchneiderman will ever challenge the NFL tax status? No—too many friends and contributors in @nfl?
"@joshhobson: Hey, the sign looks good this morning! See it everyday, as I work around the corner at SOUTHCOM. "@UmpireRobeI will be on Fox &amp, Friends (@foxandfriends) at 7.00. Fighting Ebola will be a topic!
I'm not going to be watching much NFL football anymore. Too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. Focus on other things!
What the hell is Obama doing in allowing all of these potentially very sick people to continue entering the U.S.! Is he stupid or arrogant?
I don't know what it is, but I'm getting totally bored watching NFL football. Too many penalties and far too soft! T.V. off and back to work
The Jets just don't have it. Time for a qua"@Robe"@x_victoria97: @realDonaldTrump should be president.."
President Obama, I have an idea! Pretend that West Africa is Israel and then you will be able to stop the Ebola area flights.
President Obama - close down the flights from Ebola infected areas right now, before it is too late! What the hell is wrong with you?
Something very impoThis Ebola patient Thomas Duncan, who fraudulently entered the U.S. by signing false papers, is causing havoc. If he lives, prosecute!
If Ebola is so non-contagious, how come an NBC cameraman caught it so quickly while over in West Africa? U.S. is behaving very foolishly!
Can you believe that President Obama still hasn't stopped the flights and people pouring into the U.S. from West Africa. TERRIBLE PRESIDENT!
#TrumpAdvice "@calfofgod: @realDonaldTrump you are the Sma"@DamienDuplantis: @realDonaldTrump For President 🇺🇸"
"@THR: Donald Trump: ABC's 'Black-ish' Title Is Racist "@Forbes: Donald Trump's 1987 "The A"@LAGalaxy: #TBT: Donald Trump meets a very uncomfo"@DonaldTrumpHub: Arizona Cardinal Darnell Dockett, Mogul Donald Trump Tweet Same Message ... "@DonaldTrumpHub: Arizona Cardinal Darnell Dockett, Mogul Donald Trump Tweet Same Message ... "@hancockfinance. MR TRUMP IS THE BEST Worldleader#empirebuilding #downtoeaReally interesting, President Obama was quick to shut down flights to Isreal but is totally unwilling to shut down flights from West Africa!
"@not_that_actor PREDICTION: Things will be so bad in post-Obama US that Trump will be swept into White House in '16 Saw Michael Jordan and Ray Allen today playing golf at Trump National Doral, the Blue Monster. Great guys!
Ebola patient Duncan lied on his exit papers by saying he never came into contact with a person with Ebola. He knew he did, and person died.
How incompetent are our leaders allowing these Ebola infected people to come into our country with all of the problems and danger entailed!
The Ebola patient who came into our country knew exactly what he was doing. Came into contact with over 100 people.Here we go-I told you so!
The brand new hotel at Trump National Doral has the most beautiful rooms and suites in Miami. Enjoy!
I just arrived at Trump National Doral in Miami where I'll spend the day checking work just completed by contractors. This place is amazing!
Ebola is much easier to transmit than the CDC and government representatives are admitting. Spreading all over Africa-and fast. Stop flights
A @aahs5star Diamond &amp, Green Star Diamond Award winner, @TrumpGolfLA is the nation’s top public course Designed by @IvankaTrump, @TrumpDoral’s Deluxe Guestrooms feature impeccable furnishing and details We have millions in our country unemployed yet we are wasting millions arming Syrian ‘rebels.’ What is wrong with Washington?!
Obama can attend a fundraiser every day but can’t be bothered to get briefed on national security. Commander-in-Chief?!
Our national security staRated “#1 Reso"@RWDF1 @realDonaldTrump They are planning on building windturbines near Turnberry Golf course, on Knoweside hill" Not without a fight!"
Stop flights into the U.S. from West Africa immediately!
The woman who is the Secret Service Director looks like she is way over her head.Why can't the president appoint the best and the brightest?
The United States must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or Ebola will be all over the United States-a plague like no other!
How dumb is our president to send thousands of poorly trained and ill-equipped soldiers over to West Africa to fight Ebola. Stop all flights
Here we go! I stated long ago that we should cancel all flights from West Africa. Now we have Ebola in U.S., AND IT WILL ONLY GET WORSE!
President Obama should stay out of the Hong Kong protests, we have enough problems in our own country!Can't even properly police White House
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit." - Conrad Hilton
Fact--Obama does not read his intelligence briefings nor does he get briefed in person by the CIA or DOD. Too busy I guess!
"'Everything in Dubai': Learn from Emirate's rebound, says @DonaldTrumpJr" "Via @Newsmax_Media by @wandacarruthers: "Trump: 'Inconceivable' Obama didn't know about ISIS threat" Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
I've realized that success requires 100% effoExcited to see @SixteenChicago’s “elevated fine dining” explored by @USAToday @10Best! Our views trump the rest for the #Thanksgiving #MacysParade. Stay @TrumpNewYork for exclusive parade access 36 hrs Central Park as seen in @nytimes including a stop @TrumpNewYork for a bite in @Nougatine_NYC. Full a"@__________IAN: I saw Donald Trump on Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous when I was 4.That man must of had a drink -&gt,fountain of youth."
It wasn't only that Obama saluted a Marine with a cup of coffee in his hand, but why the hell does he have to exit a heli holding coffee?
Jeanne Shaheen wants amnesty for illegals, placed the deciding vote for ObamaCare &amp, opposes the 2nd Amendment. Vote her out in November!
Interesting case from UK re @stellacreasy and abusive troll Obama:“I will destroy ISIS” = Obama: “If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
“Runaway Obamacare Spending Will Cost Democrats” Via @HorsetalkNZ: “NY’s Central Park Horse Show a huge success” "@000HermanSJr000 @Hotelied @TrumpChicago Never ceases to amaze. Trump is the int'l brand that never settles for less than the best" Thanks"
"@21stCenturyAsh @realDonaldTrump @TrumpTowerNY And last time I was there it was immaculately clean too" Very impoJohnny Miller—Great job this weekend. Most insightful and tough. See you at Doral.
Patrick Reed—We are proud to have you as our champion at Doral. Love the attitude &amp, the play. See you in March at the Cadillac WGC.
.@montgomeriefdn Your commentary this weekend was fantastic. People love what you say and how you say it.
.@Graeme_McDowell You are the toughest guy there is. If you were a boxer you’d be the champ. Great going!
.@WestwoodLee Great going this weekend. You are a true champion!
.@IanJamesPoulter Great going and almost as impo.@JustinRose99 The display you put on this weekend was unprecedented. Even the best putters couldn't believe it. You're amazing. See u soon.
.@McIlroyRory What a year it has been for you -- and this weekend topped it off. Fantastic job, see u at Doral.
I thought I was being nice to somebody re their parents. I guess this teaches you not to be nice or trusting. Sad!
Some jerk fraudulently tweeted that his parents said I was a big inspiration to them + pls "@JamColley: We need to put aside paWe will now be helping Syria and Iran by attacking ISIS - ironic, isn't it!
"@geomac24: Interesting repo"@bitchClassyboSs: How I wish Mr Trump would write more books. So in love with his books." I am now writing "The A.@CharlieRymerGC Charlie, call me - we'll set up a match with Gary and Damon. Doral now finished and doing great!
I will be doing @foxandfriends at 7.00 (15 minutes).
Every time I speak of the haters and losers I do so with great love and affection. They cannot help the fact that they were born fucked up!
I will be releasing the full interview with a guy named Baxter @antbaxter only to show the bias and stupidity of him and @BBCWorld. Clowns!
I will be on @foxandfriends Monday morning at 7.00. A lot to talk about!
"@MaryHukill: Just bought at Macy's my 2014 installment of your ShiThe animal who beheaded the woman in Oklahoma should be given a very fast trial and then the death penalty. The same fate - beheading?
I wonder if I run for PRESIDENT, will the haters and losers vote for me knowing that I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN? I say they will!
Can you believe we still have not gotten our Marine out of Mexico. He sits in prison while our PRESIDENT plays golf and makes bad decisions!
My friend Derek is a special athlete and special person--there is nobody like him. @Yankees
Las Vegas' most elite destination, @TrumpLasVegas' has 64 stories of golden glass &amp, offers ultimate luxury “Success depends...on how effectively you learn to manage the game's two ultimate adversaries: the course and yourself.” - @jacknicklaus
With $250M of renovations, Trump Int'l DC’s 250 expansive guest rooms will be DC's top offering of amenities &amp, views Internationally recognized as an iconic landmark, @TrumpTowerNY beams over Fifth Avenue "@YouKnowYourNice @realDonaldTrump you are the man, telling it how it is with no 2nd guessing. I respect you." Thank you."
People are loving the new line of Trump ties and shiWatching the Ryder Cup on @GolfChannel. Very interesting and tough matches. Amazing spo"@JSL79 I hope you will consider buying back the Trump Plaza &amp, Taj returning them to the great places they once were" Will take a hard look."
I’ll bet if I didn’t harass Apple for the last 2 years about the large screen iPhone, they wouldn’t have done it—but it bends &amp, breaks!
.@Rosie—No offense, and good luck on the new show, but remember, you staWhen you’re in a fight with a bully, always throw the first punch—and don’t telegraph it—hit hard &amp, hit fast!
The U.S. should not be giving away our strategy &amp, tactics to the enemy so they can prepare. Just go and do what you have to do!
Go to "@ItsDeMarioW: Donald Trump is my favorite Mac Miller song" And mine tooooo!"
On Mike and Mike, @espn in two minutes!
Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends celebrating the holiday.
Congratulations @TrumpSoHo on being named a “Great East Coast Hotels for Teens and Families” by @ParadeMagazine Someone unknown tweeted incorrectly that I'm for Sen. Mitch @McConnellPress for speaker. I'm suppoThe 2013 @NJPGA Course of the Year, Trump Nat’l Bedminster is honored to be hosting the 2022 @PGAChampionship Via @BBCNews: “Donald Trump golf clubhouse at Menie approved” "@ScotlandGolf1 @IvankaTrump @TrumpScotland It is one of the best courses i have played and one i recommend to all our clients." Thank you."
With Terry McAuliffe, Gov of Virginia, at the Trump Winery in Charlottesville, VA--largest on East Coast. @GovernorVA "@buddholly: @realDonaldTrump you are my #1 man. please run for president i cannot vote for anyone else!" Thanks."
“Do more, be more, give more--and everyone will benefit.” – Think Like a Champion
Offering top amenities along w/ award winning architectural design, @TrumpChicago’s condominiums are world-class “Obamacare Data Mismatch Could Leave Thousands Uninsured” Obama administration said that Saudi Arabia was on Syria’s border The @ForbesInspector &amp, @AAAnews 5 star restaurant, @TrumpNewYork’s @Jean_GeorgesNYC is NYC's top destination Zegarelli and Vescio: Pine Road looks like hell. Must be re-paved now—very bad for town. @BriarcliffManor
DAMAC &amp, #Trump Organization are developing a 2nd Trump #golf course, Trump World Golf Club #Dubai, at AKOYA Oxygen! "@donallentown: @realDonaldTrump @KyleKissKiss not only do you have a great name.. you'd win and do a great job. Hug @IvankaTrump for me :)"
According to many, ISIS was given so much time and so many signals as to when we would staWhy would the people of Kentucky want a rookie Senator– they have Sen. Mitch @McConnellPress who may be next Leader &amp, bring $’s to KY
“Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more impoNow Obama is having our army coordinate with Iran against ISIS. What’s next?
Obama’s rollout of his ISIS war plan is another unmitigated disaster. The Generals must be furious.
From rags to riches, and back to rags! Interesting aBriarcliff Manor Mayor Vescio is doing a terrible job. Taxes way too high, roads in terrible condition—repave Pine Road. @BriarcliffManor
Good morning. I will be on Fox and Friends at 7.00 (30 minutes). Enjoy! @foxandfriends
Our country has become so politically correct that it has lost all sense of direction or purpose. We are unable to move forward painlessly.
Without passion, you don’t have energy, and without energy, you have nothing!" Just one more of my totally brilliant quotes - use it well.
The NFL should have its non-profit status immediately revoked while at the same time ending the giant tax scam which makes teams so valuable
The NFL image is really tarnished! Now, if the sponsors staThey just called this the biggest scandal in U.S. spoWhat separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
Do you believe that Obama is giving weapons to "moderate rebels" in Syria.Isn't sure who they are. What the hell is he doing.Will turn on us
Why are we sending thousands of ill-trained soldiers into Ebola infested areas of Africa! Bring the plague back to U.S.? Obama is so stupid.
"@PWR34: Wow, @realDonaldTrump knows how to build 'em. #Chicago Roger Goodell must stop apologizing to everyone who will listen and toughen up. His street sma“Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out.” - Stephen Covey
Brand new selection of Trump Signature Collection shiThe Wilson family should thank me. Pegula overpaid for the @buffalobills because of me!
Leading by 13 over Landrieu in a @FoxNews poll, @BillCassidy will beat her in November.
Via @BreitbaChina's the leading expoTrump Nat’l Westchester is among the most highly regarded clubs in New York. A great place. "@000HermanSJr000 The views surrounding all your prestigious establishments are always breathtaking. You are a businessman &amp, a"@Jefferysiegrist @realDonaldTrump just passed the great man's tower! Congratulations to Georgina Bloomberg on winning the inaugural Central Park Grand Prix CSI 3* @MikeBloomberg
I am convinced that if @AlexSalmond had not pushed ugly wind turbines all over Scotland, the vote would have been much better for him!
The people of Scotland have spoken—a great decision. I wish @AlexSalmond well &amp, look forward to playing golf with him at Aberdeen!
Learn, work and think in equal propoRealize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
.@TrumpGolfLA is @theknot’s pick for the "Best of Weddings" with our Vista Terrace looking over the Pacific Ocean "@VinceMcMahon: Way to go @realDonaldTrump, what a good spo"@woofeous: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpNewYork Love how Donald races to top to be the best in everything he puts his name on.
“Sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward.” - @VinceMcMahon
The Iraqi army has squandered the majority of the weapons &amp, training we gave them for 10 long years. When will we learn?
So Obama wants to bomb ISIS in Iraq &amp, arm them in Syria? What is he doing!
Are the Republicans going to blow their chance to take the Senate? Must focus on ObamaCare and amnesty.
Must read aWith panoramic views of Central Park &amp, the Manhattan skyline, 5 Star @TrumpNewYork offers 176 newly renovated rooms It was a great honor to be on @MikeAndMike on @espn. Wow, the response was amazing!
Great a“There is a point in every contest when sitting on the sidelines is not an option.” -- Dean Smith
In order to stop the Ebola outbreak in Africa, perhaps the President should put all Africans on ObamaCare rather than sending the troops!
“Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.” - Johnny Cash
Every day Mexico continues to hold Sgt. Tahmooressi is an insult to our country.
IMPORight To Play uses the power of play to educate and empower children facing adversity. A great cause--check it out. Just met with David Perdue @Perduesenate. He’s a fantastic guy who will fight hard against ObamaCare. He will win!
We must immediately stop all air traffic coming from the Ebola infected areas of Africa—before it is too late.
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
I've realized that success requires 100% effoDoes anybody notice that Atlantic City lost its magic after I left years ago. I had the big boxing, introduced UFC (ask Dana),the best shows
Can you believe that the U.S. will be sending 3000 troops to Africa to help with Ebola.They will come home infected? We have enough problems
It is so sad to see what has happened to Atlantic City. So many bad decisions by the pols over the years - airpoI left Atlantic City years ago, good timing. Now I may buy back in, at much lower price, to save Plaza &amp, Taj. They were run badly by funds!
If you can’t focus with unyielding resolve, then you will never be successful. Believe in yourself and you can accomplish your goals.
“Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong.” - Calvin Coolidge
Congratulations to Obama on building a strong economy. There are 49,500,000 people on food stamps. A historic record!
Obama’s promise to build an international coalition against ISIS is already broken. No one trusts him at home or abroad.
Via @newhampshirecom:“Tickets on sale for Loeb School Event, featuring Donald Trump” Via @nbc6: “@MissUniverse Pageant Coming to @TrumpDoral in 2015” With championship links @TrumpScotland’s world-class amenities also include dining &amp, luxury accommodations Good luck to the people of Scotland, whatever their decision may be on Thursday. The whole world is watching—really exciting!
"@jcaI will be on Fox and Friends at.7.00 A.M. Enjoy!
I have nothing to do with Atlantic City-sold years ago (great timing). For losers and haters, I NEVER went bankrupt. Plus $10 billion, sorry
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. – Babe Ruth
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game!
Secretary Kerry cannot get other nations to join us in fighting ISIS. They are afraid and he is a poor salesman who reps a pathetic leader!
“Always be prepared to staObamaCare has cut workers’ pay by over $22B &amp, eliminated 350,000+ small business jobs Sen. Kay Hagan voted for Amnesty &amp, ObamaCare. She is a proven liberal who recklessly goes along with Obama. Vote @ThomTillis in November!
Offering river, lake &amp, skyline views, @TrumpChicago’s 339 5 Star rooms range from Deluxe Suites to Spa Guestrooms The so-called ‘moderate’ Syrian rebels pledged their allegiance to ISIS after Obama’s address. We should not be arming them!
.@DonaldJTrumpJr’s @CNBC interview discussing the starving demand that is fueling high-end luxury Via @HeraldBusiness by @hannahbsampson: “@TrumpDoral looking to hire hundreds” With a @SharkGregNorman designed course directly along the water, @Trump_Charlotte is NoThe judge in the Oscar Pistorious case is a total moron. She said he didn't act like a killer. This is another O.J. disaster!
My interview on 9/13/01 with a German repoOn 9/11, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice &amp, our freedom.
They should have rebuilt the two buildings of the World Trade Center exactly as they were, except taller and stronger. A better statement!
I can't believe that the judge in the Oscar Pistorious case has found him not guilty of murder. No one has been more guilty since O.J.!
Can you believe that our very stupid politicians released the leader of ISIS and now we are spending billions trying to get him back!
Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s.Pay up!
Middle Eastern countries must paI just want to know how much is Saudi Arabia and others who we are helping willing to pay for our saving from total extinction. Pay up now!
If Obama resigns from office NOW, thereby doing a great service to the country—I will give him free lifetime golf at any one of my courses!
Attention Arnold Palmer: Happy BiFlashback from October, 2013: “Donald Trump demands larger iPhone screen” Imposing dunes on the Aberdeenshire coastline, @TrumpScotland’s Championship course is a classical Scottish links “@ApprenticeNBC: Donald Trump Talks Joan Rivers” 38 stories high, @TrumpWaikiki’s 462 luxury guest rooms &amp, suites offer exceptional services Where serenity meets luxury: Trump Nat’l Jupiter’s Spa offers treatments which help restore youthful vitality I made a great deal of money in Atlantic City, but left years ago when I saw so many political mistakes being made. I have ZERO involvement!
“Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.” - Dean Acheson
Windmills are the greatest threat in the US to both bald and golden eagles. Media claims fictional ‘global warming’ is worse.
ICYMI, via @foxnewsinsider my @foxandfriends from yesterday on Obama’s dangerous disconnect In '09, Obama released the ISIS chief. The terrorist gloated “I’ll see you in New York” Why are we giving away our entire strategy and tactics we will deploy against ISIS? It puts our troops at a disadvantage.
Fact – Obama still has not fixed the backend of the ObamaCare website. This could be the greatest internet boondoggle in history.
Boasting @AAAFiveDiamond &amp, @ForbesInspector 5 Star ratings, @TrumpNewYork’s @jeangeorges features a superb menu Soaring 92 stories, @TrumpChicago boasts a @ForbesInspector 5 Star rating for both its hotel &amp, restaurant "@trixdelavega @realDonaldTrump please announce miss universe 2014 host as soon as possible" Very soon."
The Trump Signature Collection available @Macys offers top new designs for your fall wardrobe. Dress your best! "@JoePerry: Always good to see @realDonaldTrump Rock and Rollin' at the Aerosmith show." Joe--it was great meeting you--fantastic conce"@TheBigJamesG: What kind of president doesn't get playing golf after a cruel beheading isn't the thing to do? Detached from reality he is"
"@teeblack011: @realDonaldTrump: "@tweets_business: @realDonaldTrump New poll states that a record number of Americans have lost all faith in President Obama - duh!
Everything you can imagine is real." —Pablo Picasso
“Learning is a new beginning we can give ourselves every day.” – Trump: How to Get Rich
With the labor pa"@SassyPantsjj Please do more Apprentices', know you're busy but once a year is NOT ENOUGH !!!! Love that show !!!" Thanks."
If amnesty is so popular according to the DC ruling class, then why is Obama delaying his executive action until after the election?
Home of the iconic Ailsa, a four time @The_Open course, @TrumpTurnberry is a landmark on the Ayrshire coastline "@mtthwdvs: @realDonaldTrump Joan was a great woman. always funny and she had excellent chemistry with you on Celebrity Apprentice!"
I will be on Fox &amp, Friends @foxandfriends at 7.00 a.m. (30 minutes). Enjoy!
"@stephencvengros: Joan Rivers funeral: Donald Trump, Howard Stern among star-studded cast of mourners "@kpasee: Hearing that Donald Trump went to Joan Rivers's funeral breaks my heaGetting ready to pay final respect to GREAT LADY Joan Rivers. She could light up a room like no other! She will be greatly missed.
We just finished shooting a new season of Celebrity Apprentice and happily for all, Joan plays my advisor in two episodes. She was great!
Joan Rivers had great talent, but also truly amazing stamina and drive - she would never give up or quit. That is why she became a champion!
I will be going to the funeral of my friend Joan Rivers today. I got to know her really well when she became the winner of The Apprentice!
He who demands little gets it." - Ellen Glasgow
One of the big problems facing Atlantic City are the ridiculously high real estate taxes which I fought for years before leaving.Corruption!
Remember, anything you read about Atlantic City has nothing to do with me. I sold years ago and left. Good timing but very sad!
"@billywmerritt: "The AI just sta"Attention all hackers: You are hacking everything else so please hack Obama's college records (destroyed?) and check "place of biPresident Obama has just reached an ALL-TIME low approval rating! Is anybody surprised? The happiest person is former President Jimmy CaI'm not saying to not give vaccines, I am just saying give them small doses over a long period of time - not one massive dose for a child.
"@P01YN0NYM0U55: @jamandatGreat event last night @trumpwinery with @GovernorVA to suppoThe ObamaCare website was hacked. $5B dollars later and the site can’t even secure your personal information.
China is going to complete 59 new theme parks by 2020, over $23B in expansion. That would take over 100 years in our country.
USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi has now been held in Mexican jail for over 150 days. When will Obama call for his release? #FreeOurMarine
Best of luck to @chucktodd on his @meetthepress debut this Sunday.
Must read quote by @EricTrump in @CNNMoney a"Taking risks &amp, making mistakes is the best way to learn something new. Most of the time you will surprise yourself" -Trump Never Give Up"
The Mar-a-Lago Club, the crown jewel of Palm Beach, is a landmark in the National Register of Historic Places "@therefornone just home from great couple of days at @TrumpTurnberry. Tremendous golf course, simply outstanding. Loved it." Great, thanks."
In memory of Joan Rivers- watch when she became my Celebrity Apprentice- which meant so much to her! "@buntymunn @realDonaldTrump just played Trump aberdeen yesterday, might just be the best golf experience I've ever had!" Great, thanks!"
“Peace is not absence of conflict, it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means.” – Pres. Ronald Reagan
Joan Rivers @Joan_Rivers was an amazing woman and a great friend. Her energy and talent were boundless. She will be greatly missed.
“Mold yourself into the person who can do big things.” – Think Big
Senator Landrieu, If you are a Senator representing Louisiana, then you SHOULD own a home in the state. Send @BillCassidy to the Senate!
Any American who fights w/ ISIS in Iraq or Syria should have their passpoChina continues to be on the move both technologically and militarily. Obama is sitting by and watching.
As we are learning the hard way both domestically &amp, internationally, hope is not a strategy.
The next generation of luxury, @TrumpVancouver will be the icon of the Vancouver skyline I attended @Aerosmith conceSo many people who have children with autism have thanked me—amazing response. They know far better than fudged up repoI'm not against vaccinations for your children, I'm against them in 1 massive dose.Spread them out over a period of time &amp, autism will drop!
Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp, Hotel, Ireland, fronts the Atlantic Ocean &amp, is host to the 2014 Great Irish Links Challenge Entrepreneurs: Do not view any failure as the final say for your effoEntrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the problem.
Entrepreneurs: Never give up. Be tough. Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious.
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always oppoEntrepreneurs: Put everything you've got into what you're doing. Know exactly what you want and go for it. Nothing should be haphazard.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." -- Steve Jobs
I am being proven right about massive vaccinations—the doctors lied. Save our children &amp, their future.
No more massive injections. Tiny children are not horses—one vaccine at a time, over time.
Treat yourself to the pinnacle of luxury public golf at @TrumpGolfLA’s white sand $250M premiere course Looking forward to being at the @RyderCupUSA announcement tonight.
Young entrepreneurs – be patient and continue to work with determination. With hard work, success will follow. Keep your focus!
“The idea flow from the human spirit is absolutely unlimited. All you have to do is tap into that well.” - @jack_welch
"@lansdalepadre @realDonaldTrump what a great spo“I succeeded by saying what everyone else is thinking.” - @Joan_Rivers
Watch @DonaldJTrumpJr and @EricTrump accept my #ALSIceBucketChallenge- .@WWE: He's answered the call! @realDonaldTrump responds to @VinceMcMahon's #ALSIceBucketChallenge! "@orestistzo @realDonaldTrump I never thought you would do it! Great video and for a great cause. Well done sir! #ALSIceBucketChallenge" Thx"
The #Hyperlapse app in @TrumpTowerNY- "@GPlunke"@vv3762 @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump It is fine that despite your achievements, you have not lost sense of humour!"Thanks."
"@MarieDAnnunzio: @realDonaldTrump your a very smaSaudi Arabia should fight their own wars, which they won't, or pay us an absolute foHave you been watching how Saudi Arabia has been taunting our VERY dumb political leaders to protect them from ISIS. Why aren't they paying?
Remember this, the worst doctors (by far) are celebrity doctors. If you see their names, or read about them in the newspapers, stay away!
In my book, @Joan_Rivers had a lousy doctor, shoving a camera down her throat at her age. Something went really wrong that should not have!
What is happening in Atlantic City, casino closures, is very sad - but does anybody give me credit for getting out before its demise? Timing
"@R_B_Stua.@Joan_Rivers Get well soon Joan - keep fighting!
“Every big thinker has had to sta"@awmorrell At last, the @realDonaldTrump hair debate is finally put to rest - all thanks to the ALS #icebucketchallenge " Thx--I hope so!"
Obama once said he “would be ignoring the law” by granting amnesty through executive action. Now he’s about to do it. What will Congress do?
Via @MailOnline: “But did his hair survive? @MissUniverse &amp, @MissUSA dump water over Donald Trump” Via @AmSpec by Jeffrey Lord: “Donald Trump Takes Ice Bucket Challenge – Dares Obama” "@juanjgers: @realDonaldTrump when are you deciding if you will run in 2016? You got my vote!🇺🇸🐘" Thanks!"
Good luck and best wishes to my dear friend, the wonderful and very talented Joan Rivers! Winner of Celebrity Apprentice, amazing woman.
#IceBucketChallenge For those of you who wanted a picture here it is- ICYMI The ALS #IceBucketChallenge that Trumps them all- The ALS #IceBucketChallenge that Trumps them all- I have asked the reigning Miss Universe and Miss USA to do the honors. At least I will not have to wash my hair this morning! Enjoy.
I will be doing the A.L.S. Ice Bucket Challenge this morning on twitter. It is not something I look forward to doing but is for a good cause
We have got to get our Marine out of that disgusting Mexican jail. Would be so easy if we had a real leader. One tough phone call &amp, he's out
Congratulations to @Graeme_McDowell and @kristinstape. Your baby has seriously good genes, will be a champ!
.@bovanpelt. Bo, I heard you were great at Trump National Westchester - I am not at all surprised. Keep playing well, you are a winner!
"@Onbluesol: Homer Simpson Nominates @realDonaldTrump to do the #IceBucketChallenge check out the video clip "@TrumpPhillyGM: “@PhiladelphiaPGA: Trump trumps the field at Pro-Lady Team #golf .@VinceMcMahon @MikeTyson @HomerJSimpson I think I'm going to accept the #IceBucketChallenge- stay tuned to my Twitter tomorrow....
Obama will grant amnesty to millions of illegals yet he has not lifted a finger for USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi! . #BringBackOurMarine
Congratulations to @sethmeyers on “Emmy’s Rating Tumble” "@UsuallyBogey I think Washington or Lincoln would endorse @realDonaldTrump if they were still around" Thank you."
.@TrumpChicago’s award winning dining options also offer the best views of the city .@TrumpNewYork is the only Forbes 5 Star &amp, 5 Diamond hotel with a 5 Star &amp, Five-Diamond restaurant in NYC Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more impoRemember, the harder you work, the luckier you get!
"@thinkingmomsrev: @RobSchneider @realDonaldTrump @SharylAttkisson @jaketapper repo.@TrumpLasVegas is Sin City’s most elite destination. Treat yourself to Vegas’ most luxurious hotel rooms Via @cnsnews by @CraigBBannister: “Poll: Hispanics, Blacks Call for Tighter Borders, Access to Illegals' Jobs” A state legislator w/ a true record of accomplishments, military vet @joniernst will make a tremendous US Senator. Iowa, send Joni to DC!
It’s Tuesday. How many jobs has ObamaCare cost the economy today?
Young entrepreneurs – be resolute in your drive for success. Gain momentum. Once you succeed, promote yourself!
Via @gulf_news by @JoeHeim: “@IvankaTrump: Giving back is a priority for me” With the record $200M renovations on track &amp, budget (a miracle in DC), Trump Int’l Washington DC is being built into a national marvel.
Emmy Awards show was terrible last night. Same shows winning over and over again (politics). Amazing race a joke. Host Seth Meyers bombed!
.@SenScottBrown is the most competitive GOP option against Obama’s amnesty loving @SenatorSheehan. He can win!
Obama sent weapons through Benghazi to ISIS yet he is holding up shipments to Israel. What is he thinking?
Obama’s motto: If I don’t go on tax payer funded vacations &amp, constantly fundraise then the terrorists win.
Once the ISIS thug who beheaded Foley is identified 100%, he should be bunker busted to hell.
That Seth Meyers is hosting the Emmy Awards is a total joke. He is very awkward with almost no talent. Marbles in his mouth!
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7.30 A.M.
Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel seems so lost and, frankly, dumb. He can't even speak properly. Poor leader in these very dangerous times!
The Greater Miami area and numerous others are fighting hard to get the Miss Universe Pageant. A decision will be made very soon!
"@ChristopheWheat Great job on the Turnberry ResoVia @chicagotribune by @bob_writes: “@TrumpChicago tower unit sets resale record at $3.99M” “Chalk failure up to experience, don’t take it personally, and go find your next challenge.” – Trump: Never Give Up
Trump Nat’l Jupiter’s @jacknicklaus designed course is a challenging &amp, innovative 7,531 yds w/special features Towering over trendy Bay Street, @TrumpTO offers 118 stunning condominiums w/ multi-angle views &amp, elite amenities "@crossbowdave My wife, kids and I visited NYC last week. I loved going to the #trumptower. It was beautiful, as I had hoped!" Great, thanks"
"@MrVolvo7090 I frequently spo"@tiffanypearls It's no secret that @realDonaldTrump is my hero. Think big. Work #smaOn beautiful Lake Norman, @Trump_Charlotte offers a state of the aThe Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys offers high end fashion for men. Dress your best. Control your own destiny or someone else will. -- Jack Welch
On 800 beautiful acres in Miami, @TrumpDoral boasts 100,000 sq. ft. in meeting space with event planning services "@ca46 stories in the center of downtown New York, @TrumpSoHo’s 391 spacious rooms each have floor-to-ceiling windows "@Maideneer my first time in Chicago. Walking along the river and this was my view. Absolutely stunning hotel! "@SuptSims it's scary to think we have Obama for 2 more years. we need a leader like you to change the course of this nation!" Thank you."
“You may have to try a lot of things to get just one thing to work. That’s tenacity, and it’s critical to success.” – Trump Never Give Up
A world-famous testament to architectural excellence, @TrumpTowerNY features a 60-ft waterfall An investment in life, luxury &amp, leisure, a Trump Nat’l Bedminster membership offers top amenities &amp, services Our politically correct country will read the ISIS terrorists who beheaded the repo"@Technotoaster: @realDonaldTrump @maathewdavis the world would love you to put up or shut up Donald. I think u CAN do it, but WILL u?"Watch"
Re Negotiation: Persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn can be good. The key is to know when to loosen up.
Re Negotiation: Patience is an enormous viRe Negotiation: Know exactly what you want &amp, focus on that. View conflict as an oppoBelieve you can and you're halfway there. -- Theodore Roosevelt
The first General killed in a combat zone since Vietnam, it is a travesty that Obama did not attend Major General Harold Greene’s funeral
“Destiny has a pa.@TrumpDoral's golf courses The Red Tiger, The Silver Fox &amp, The Golden Palm are on track to open later this year Est. in 1906, @TrumpTurnberry is home to the iconic Ailsa, @The_Open Championship course four times over "@zshroff @TrumpChicago All the aOn 59th &amp, Park Avenue, Trump Park Avenue transformed the legendary Hotel Delmonico into 120 luxury residences On 59th &amp, Park Avenue, Trump Park Avenue transformed the legendary Hotel Delmonico into 120 luxury residences #TrumpAdvice Keep the big picture in mind. There are always oppo“When everyone works with the same energy, loyalty and focus, it makes for smooth sailing all around.” – Midas Touch
A 7,242 yd. masterpiece, @TrumpGolfLA’s $250 million course features 18 challenging holes with incredible views "A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." -- Albe“If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.” - Albe.@WineEnthusiast’s highest rated wine in Virginia, @trumpwinery is the premier name in sophistication and quality “Perception about India has changed, says Donald Trump” Via @Fo"@Lane_Pack: @realDonaldTrump you got my vote."
"@angelicaerazo_: @realDonaldTrump is a true entrepreneur indeed. SmaSuch amazing people in India. This trip is very enlightening!
I just had an amazing day in Mumbai, India. Building an almost 80 story building, super luxury, which is doing great! Press is going wild.
Be ready for problems. You’ll have them every day, so keep things in perspective. Ask yourself: Is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?
Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who’s the boss?
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
“The way to get sta“Diligence is the mother of good luck.” - Benjamin Franklin
The @TrumpChicago Spa offers 5 star services,12 treatment rooms &amp, 53 spa guestrooms overlooking Chicago skyline “If you are passionate about your endeavors, it will be reflected back to you in your end result.” – Trump Never Give Up
Host of the 2022 @PGAChampionship &amp, 2017 #USWomensOpen, Trump Nat’l Bedminster offers 36 holes of world class golf Via @Reuters by @sumeet_chat: “Donald Trump plans investment in India betting on Modi government” Just watched Full Metal Jacket, can't believe R. Lee Ermey didn't win the Academy Award as the drill sergeant. Political nominations!
Robin Williams was a truly wonderful actor &amp, comedian. One of the few people who could make me laugh. Very tragic.
“Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on.” – Think Big
“Remember that fear can be conquered. Go full throttle, and the odds will be on your side.” – Trump Never Give Up
“We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.” - Vince Lombardi
A spectacular lake front club w/ dramatic course designed by @SharkGregNorman, @Trump_Charlotte is NC’s top club .@TrumpNewYork’s 176 rooms have floor-to-ceiling windows providing unparalleled views of Central Park &amp, NYC .@IvankaTrump’s @FoxNewsSunday “Power Player of the Week” interview with Chris Wallace The secret of getting ahead is getting sta"@sammyt_77: @realDonaldTrump you're a true champion Mr. Trump!" Thank you."
Sorry, won't be doing Fox &amp, Friends this morning - will be in India on a couple of major business deals!
"@Mega_Murph_: We need smaWe need a President who isn't a laughing stock to the entire World. We need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. Respect!
The World as we know it is falling apa"@dejr5: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump &amp, Ben Carson 2016" Wow!"
“If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles.” - Sun Tzu
Same CDC which is bringing Ebola to US misplaced samples of anthrax earlier this year "Ebola's spread is 'unprecedented' says CDC chief" "@scObama will send troops back into Iraq combat zone. Don’t believe anything he says. Just covering for his mistakes.
With 18 beautiful holes, each boasting unique characteristics, Trump Nat’l Philadelphia is a Golf treasure Iraq is more dangerous today than any time under Saddam. War was a mistake, as I said from the very beginning. Bush &amp, Obama should apologize
Via @nypost by Editorial Board: “New York’s mute @AGSchneiderman” .@nypost: “Dozens of key staffers fleeing @AGSchneiderman’s office” "@dainbramaged_ @realDonaldTrump Surprise only happens when Obama does something right. You can expect no surprises." True."
One of @GolfWorldUS’ top public courses, @TrumpGolfLA's course stands as a testament to the greatness of golf The new winner of the @MissTeenUSA pageant K. Lee Graham What other country tells the enemy when we are going to attack like Obama is doing with ISIS. Whatever happened to the element of surprise?
Sorry, I won’t be able to do @foxandfriends at 7 AM on Monday—will be in India.
ObamaCare premiums rising 13.2% in 2015 These are something I just can't buy. Excited for the @usopen "@seankesser: @bonn66 @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump Donald Trump and his son Eric Trump do massive amount of charity" Thank you!"
Discipline is a key ingredient for success. It will build character, motivation and bring oppoYoung entrepreneurs – remember quality and results are the key metrics to success.
Located in South Ayrshire, Scotland, @TrumpTurnberry offers diverse dining options suitable for any occasion If only the illegals were Tea PaWith over 260 5 Star guest rooms &amp, suites @TrumpTO is 65 stories of pure luxury in the center of downtown Toronto Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to eaInvestors are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present.
Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation begins.
Learning never exhausts the mind. -- Leonardo da Vinci
“The belief that security can be obtained by throwing a small state to the wolves is a fatal delusion.”-Winston Churchill
Thanks @MickyArison for your nice statement @BLTPrimeMiami @TrumpDoral. I just want to do as well as you have with @MiamiHEAT. See u soon
Think big. Stay focused. Be passionate. Don’t ever give up
Congratulations to @rushlimbaugh on his recent 26th year anniversary. Rush has revolutionized talk radio! Sorry haters and losers!
The Village @Trump_Charlotte offers a variety of 5 Star dining experiences for everyday dining &amp, catered affairs We are going through contentious primaries now but the GOP must unite. Let’s take the Senate and stop Obama’s dangerous agenda.
The $200M in renovations of Trump Int’l Washington DC are on track. The Old Post Office is being transformed into true luxury.
It’s Tuesday. How many fundraisers, travelling on the taxpayer dime, will Obama hold today?
The ultimate vacation destination, @TrumpPanama’s sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind Congratulations to @IvankaTrump on being named the @FoxNewsSunday Power Player of the Week Via @LasVegasSun by Eugene R. Dunn: “Impeach Obama and elect Trump” Thank you, @elvisduran for dedicating your bi“Being true to yourself...will give you a lot of power over any negatives thrown your way.” – Midas Touch
Doctors have already died treating Ebola "So many people are agreeing with me on not creating a "highway" for Ebola to the U.S. Sta"@JayGershbein: I agree! MT Doctor on @NBCNightlyNews agreed we should not bring #Ebola into country in two patients, bring docs to them."
"@LeAnneLovesAThe bigger problem with Ebola is all of the people coming into the U.S. from West Africa who may be infected with the disease. STOP FLIGHTS!
A doctor on NBC Nightly News agreed with me-we should not bring Ebola into our country through two patients, but should bring docs to them.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Focus on your goals, not your problems. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Briarcliff Manor should get a better town manager. Philip Zegarelli has no clue—bad roads, a total puppet of the mayor? @westchestergov
Mayor Bill Vescio of Briarcliff Manor, Westchester, is doing a terrible job. Horrible roads, high taxes, housing down. @westchestergov
One of the tallest office buildings in downtown NYC, 40 Wall Street is a classic AWe should have taken the oil in Iraq, and now our moIsis terror group has now fully taken over large sections of Iraq, and will soon have control of massive oil reserves. I told you so.
.@FrankLuntz works really hard but is a guy who just doesn't have it - a total loser!
"@livinginthenorm: I find @realDonaldTrump and his tweets thoroughly enteThe fact that we are taking the Ebola patients, while others from the area are fleeing to the United States, is absolutely CRAZY-Stupid pols
The U.S. must immediately stop all flights from EBOLA infected countries or the plague will sta"@tony351952: @realDonaldTrump U need 2 run 4 office
If you read my last number of tweets, only one opinion can be formed - that our President, and therefore "leader," is grossly incompetent!
The ObamaCare website is in the news again - it is turning out to cost even more than previously thought, AND IT DOESN'T WORK! Big trouble!
So many lives and two trillion dollars wasted, and our worst enemies will get the 2nd largest oil reserves in the World. Such stupid leaders
Just as I have been predicting for years, Iraq will fall to the people that hate the U.S. the most - just outside of Baghdad."Keep the oil
The U.S. cannot allow EBOLA infected people back. People that go to far away places to help out are great-but must suffer the consequences!
.@David_Cameron Why do you give Scotland so much money to destroy their magnificent land with wind turbines-causing massive taxes &amp, E bills
.@David_Cameron As Prime Minister, why are you spending vast amounts of money to subsidize ugly wind turbines in Scotland that nobody wants?
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- Henry Ford
Obama’s war on women. “Number of Unemployed Women Increased in July by 227,000” “Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.” - Steve Jobs
.@BLTPrimeMiami, @TrumpDoral’s signature restaurant, has set the standard for today’s modern steakhouse Stop the EBOLA patients from entering the U.S. Treat them, at the highest level, over there. THE UNITED STATES HAS ENOUGH PROBLEMS!
Ebola patient will be brought to the U.S. in a few days - now I know for sure that our leaders are incompetent. KEEP THEM OUT OF HERE!
If our border is not secure, we can expect another attack. A country with open borders is open to the terrorists.
With our weakened dollar, gas will continue to rise. Fracking is an answer to lowering energy costs.
“Developing your talent requires work, and work creates luck.” – Trump Never Give Up
Trump Int’l Palm Beach offers a spectacular course, with hill vistas, bunkers and incredible water features. If Vera Coking had taken my millions of $’s like she should have, she would have lived for many years in Palm Beach, Florida.
Vera Coking saved me “mucho” money by turning down my offer—thanks Vera!
Vera Coking made a big mistake in Atlantic City by turning down many millions of $’s years ago for prope"From ABC News: "In Demand: Washington's Highest (and lowest) Speaking Fees" by Scott Wilson .@TrumpChicago’s river, lake and skyline views in each of its deluxe 5 Star guestrooms I suppo"@theguychief_: @realDonaldTrump #DonaldTrumpForPresident2016"
It takes guts to be a brand. You cannot be all things to all people if you want to be a brand." - Midas Touch
In order to be successful, especially to be very successful, you must have the ability to be able to handle pressure!
In any business, there will be ups and downs. If you can weather the rough times your success will be even greater during high times.
“Each life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent.” – Rev. @BillyGraham
It's time for Mountain State to have a Senator who will stop Obama’s war on coal. This November send DC a message, vote for @CapitoforWV!
Home ownership is at a 19 year low. If you can, buy now. You will thank me later.
Obama should work on a ceasefire in Chicago as well as Gaza.
PM @David_Cameron should be run out of office for spending so much of England’s money to subsidize windfarms in Scotland.
I can’t believe that Prime Minister @David_Cameron is giving massive subsidy to Scotland to destroy itself with windfarms.
Each of the 176 magnificent luxury suites and guestrooms at @TrumpNewYork provide a sophisticated urban appeal "@EdwinVSuccess @realDonaldTrump is example of how Success is earned!! Everyday is an oppo"@wwwrvcom @DarrrenRice @realDonaldTrump Yes Donald seen it in Chicago last month too, thumbs up! #wearethepeople" Thanks."
Via @PRNewswire: “Central Park Horse Show To Make Inaugural Debut in NYC Sept 18-21” Watch this tour by @TrumpIntRealty's @M_Griffith1 of this luxurious penthouse in Trump Park Avenue-"@dwaters7545 @TrumpChicago @SixteenChicago had dinner there for my 25th Wedding Anniversary! Absolutely beautiful!" Great, thanks."
.@Andre_Reed83. Congratulations Andre, you deserve it!
Celebrated doctor @BillCassidy will be a tremendous Senator. Louisiana – send a Conservative to the Senate, vote for Bill this November!
Environmental regulations stop Border Patrol from protecting 40% of the border When in doubt, Obama fundraises. He has held 393 fundraisers in six years. Another record.
Youth unemployment is at a record high. ObamaCare is a job destroyer which is ruining aspiring careers. It must be repealed.
Watch – Obama will not fix the illegal immigrant loophole. Instead he will sign another executive action giving more amnesty.
Located in the beautiful countryside of Mooresville, @Trump_Charlotte has a superb clubhouse &amp, top amenities My @FoxNews @gretawire int. on the border crisis, #BringBackOurMarine &amp, Obama’s ineptitude &amp, the economy Along with two championship courses on the Potomac River, @TrumpGolfDC’s also offers limitless social events Obama spoke to the Mexican president last week &amp, did not mention UMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Sad!
Get our Marine out of Mexico. "@token_one I just finished reading your book "Think Like A Champion". Great stuff. Positive thoughts, positive actions." Thank you."
“Be ready for problems-you’ll have them every day. Keep your focus and be as big as your daily challenges.” – Trump Never Give Up
The ultimate Golf experience, @TrumpTurnberry is a unique destination located on the beautiful Ayrshire coastline "@chapmantew Saw "@realDonaldTrump 's Las Vegas hotel. The 24-karat gold infused windows are impressive! Rise high in affordable luxury. Trump Parc Stamford offers gracious living with ente"@RyderCup2014: All we can say is WOW! What would you say?@TrumpScotland #Aberdeenshire "@jessflorey: A big thanks @JustinRose99, Stephen Gallacher, Johan Carlsson &amp, @RamsayGolf celebrating @TrumpScotland "@KnoxyDiane: What a day at @TrumpScotland @realDonaldTrump Course is unreal. "@jessflorey: What an amazing course @TrumpScotland Got to get yourself there to play. #breathtaking "@findaGolfbreak: "@TrumpScotland: @JustinRose99 prepared for his Scottish Open victory at @TrumpScotland.Check out the video below. "@RickieFowlerPGA: Good fun yesterday slapping it around Trump International Golf Links with @skovy14 and Sammy... "@IanJamesPoulter: The 18th hole at #Trump Int.Golf Links. This golf course is very impressive and a great test... "@VikesRealist: @realDonaldTrump Is Obama the worst President ever?" Top of the list!"
"@TheHawk4221: @realDonaldTrump where is Al Gore now! Coolest Summer On Record In The US | Real Science It's late in July and it is really cold outside in New York. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING??? We need some fast! It's now CLIMATE CHANGE
“Successful leaders see the oppoCentral American presidents are blaming us for the influx of illegal immigration The Republicans owe an apology for blowing the 2012 election. How could they lose to Obama?!
Obama can sign an illegal executive action anytime for ObamaCare but he can’t fix the illegal loophole.
This summer is very tough for the nation’s worst AG @AGSchneiderman. Moreland Commission is his disaster.
Opening in 2016, Trump Hotel Rio de Janeiro will be a 13-story, 171-guestroom masterpiece with a beachside view Watched Gennady Golovkin @gggboxing at MSG on Saturday night. He was fantastic--should fight @FloydMayweather!
.@TrumpScotland provides luxury accommodations &amp, a championship Par 72 7,400 yd. course. Book your tee time now "@atyra63 @realDonaldTrump played Trump Scotland as well as Turnberry...great experience!" Great, thanks!"
So many major problems for the U.S., and no answers by our leaders. When will it all change? Many of our difficulties are so easy to solve!
"@jlkelly19: @realDonaldTrump Beautiful!! Trump National Golf Course. "@RyanDodd75: Couldn't help but notice how crispy the @realDonaldTrump shiMaking money is a“Be objective and strive to be your own counselor. Listen to others but know the final decision is yours.” – Think Like a Champion
Along with a soaring bar of sky-bound gold, @TrumpLasVegas’ pool deck overlooks the City of Lights "@SmithToddM @TrumpTowerNY after i read The AAn architectural landmark, @TrumpTowerNY offers sweeping, panoramic views of Fifth Avenue “Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are.” - @MuhammadAli
Within the heaI say we cannot continue to let Obama fly around on Air Force 1, at a cost of millions of dollars a day, for the purpose of politics &amp, play!
"@RossBrotheI had a great time in D.C. yesterday at the Trump International Hotel- OPO groundbreaking ceremony. Watch- Sgt.Thamooressi has been held in Mexico for 115 Days. Mexico has zero respect for our border &amp, our servicemen. Boycott! #freeourmarine
"@AceWill Just bought @realDonaldTrump's: Think Like A Champion. Small book, huge motivation.Thank you! It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up. -- Vince Lombardi
“Winners embrace hard work.” - @ESPNDrLou
“Donald Trump: $200 Million D.C. Hotel Will Be Among World’s Best” Iran will only get stronger in Iraq with the latest civil war. We should have taken the oil immediately after the invasion.
The best way to build a successful business is by results. In the end, that is what counts.
Less than 1% of Obama’s $4B immigration request will go towards immediate border security. A real scam. Enforce our laws now!
Obama is on yet another two-day West Coast fundraising swing. Has to fit it in before his 15 day tax-payer funded vacation.
Today's groundbreaking at the Old Post Office Building in D.C. was amazing. Great people, great dedication. @usgsa .@TrumpChicago’s exceptional dining w/equally exceptional views of the city are exclusive world-class experiences "@JackEvansWard2 Happy to join @realDonaldTrump at kickoff of Hotel at the Old Post Office .@usgsa A momentous day. Great job on Old Post Office--we will make you proud!
Wow, Obama really put it to Israel by canceling flights there. This puts them at a tremendous disadvantage. Tourism and more will just stop.
AWhy is Washington ready to spend billions on care for illegals while our VA is still in shambles? Vets should be the priority.
Going to D.C. for big groundbreaking on Old Post Office site. Will be spectacular new hotel. Lots of jobs!
We are now at a time, perhaps more than ever before, when the World needs GREAT leadership!
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
Thanks @LilJon for coming to my defense in Rolling Stone Magazine. As I have often said, you are a terrific guy!
The Trump Spa @TrumpNewYork is a serene sanctuary featuring luxurious spa treatment rooms saunas and steam rooms Trump Int’l Palm Beach offers an award winning par 72 Championship measuring 7,326 yards. Florida's top course .@TrumpDoral offers multiple award winning dining options in our all-new signature restaurant and lounges “Concentration and mental toughness are the margins of victory.” - Bill Russell
ObamaCare strikes again. Major insurer announced that over 53,000 New Yorkers will be dropped from their plans "“It takes guts to win, foI try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is!
It takes "guts" to win!
I believe that President Obama is so overwhelmed by what is happening in the U.S. and throughout the World that he has totally given up!
"@McDeLLaware: How would Donald Trump handle Vladimir Putin? "@mormanc Who should be the 2016 GOP nominee? Pa"@TwitchyTeam: 'Many' say Donald Trump 'world's greatest writer of 140-character sentences' Obama wanted Putin to reset. Instead, Putin laughed at him and reloaded.
Many people have said I’m the world’s greatest writer of 140 character sentences.
It’s Monday. How many fundraisers will Obama hold today?
.@jimmykimmel is terrific but for Obama to fly on Air Force One ($’s) to do the show in these bad times is ridiculous.
Re Negotiation: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Remember the old saying "The more you learn, the more you realize you don't know" -- it's true. Learning is a daily challenge.
Give yourself a chance--make every day a discovery.
The Donald J.Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys offers top styles in menswear. Dress your best A top rated NY course by @GolfDigestMag, @TrumpNationalNY provides award winning services and exceptional facilities "@jakekahen @realDonaldTrump just drove by trim tower in Chicago what a beauty" Thank you."
"@mikkelmachete: @realDonaldTrump Take it away, take it away "@gordoncowan: @TurnberryBuzz Thank u 4 outstanding service &amp, attention 2 detail 4 the Cowan/Ma.@McIlroyRory Great job Rory - you have the heaI will be on Fox &amp, Friends at 7.00 (20 minutes). Plenty of terrible and tragic news to talk about! Too bad.
“Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.” - F. Scott Fitzgerald
“Create your own visual style... let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others.” - Orson Welles
In beautiful Pine Hill, Trump Nat’l Philadelphia’s award winning course provides amazing views of Philly skyline See yourself as having a lot already, and keep your integrity intact. It’s the best path to comprehensive success. - Think Like a Champion
The Honolulu accommodations of @TrumpWaikiki are the perfect merger of beauty and function Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more impo"@dianepalmer6997 Drove by Turnberry hotel last night weather excellent, piper playing outside hotel iconic scene, absolutely marvelous" Thx"
"@SGTROCKUSMC82: @usaf48 5 billion for a website we could have bought 50 F35 fighters or 5 Aircraft Carriers but we got a wo"@cma"@TimShurr: In Las Vegas doing a sales seminar. Staying at the trump hotel. Awesome place to stay! @realDonaldTrump "@DavidANicholas: Dinner at the Trump. Thanks @realDonaldTrump for the great view! Adversity is a fact of life. Be bigger than the problems, be ready to fight for your rights, &amp, all will be well – Trump Never Give Up
The 48,000 sq. ft. Spa @TrumpDoral boasts 33 treatment rooms and over 100 signature spa services and treatments Problems are never truly hardships to winners, &amp, if you haven’t got any, then you must not have a business to run.
.@TrumpTurnberry's 149 award winning guest rooms offer a perfect blend of Edwardian tradition and timeless design Winning isn't everything, but the will to win is everything. -- Vince Lombardi
Congrats to Obama &amp, Democrats. CBO has just announced that ObamaCare missed its uninsured target by half &amp, program costs extra $700B+.
“You can always become better.” - @TigerWoods
If Obama is concerned about the border, he should stop vacationing. Gov't will save millions which it can use to stop illegal migration.
Obama claims that he needs an extra $4B to secure the border. Well then he should not have wasted $5B on the ObamaCare website.
Awarded the prestigious 2014 @ForbesInspector 5-Star Guide @TrumpToronto is located in beautiful downtown Toronto The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes
John Cahill is highly respected in all circles—really nice to see that he’s running for New York State Attorney General. @CahillForAG
Lucky for New York, highly respected John Cahill is running for NY State AG against incumbent lightweight dope @AGSchneiderman @CahillForAG
Again, I have nothing to do with the Atlantic City closing - I have not even been there in many years. Some press was accurate, some not!
Tremendous cold wave hits large pa"@SciFreitag: @realDonaldTrump: "I believe in one thing only, the power of human will" #PresidentTrump2016"
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
It's not that I'm so smaDesigned by @jacknicklaus, Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point's 18-hole course sits by the Bronx's Whitestone Bridge .@TrumpNationalHV features wide open pristine fairways, tour caliber greens, 64 strategically placed sand bunkers Mexico sent USMC Andrew Tahmooressi back to jail after cou“Trump: Illegal Immigrants Are Getting Treated Better than Vets” On stunning Aberdeenshire coastline, @TrumpScotland features a classic Scottish link threaded through the dunes Rickie Fowler @therealrickiefowler Instagram photos | Websta "@Paula_White: There is HOPE!! Thank God- #HopeFoIran looks like it is toying with John Kerry on nuclear talks - he is begging for a deal to save face. Negotiation is just not his thing!
The @Washingtonpost repo"@ursulacu"@cantget300: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president!!!!" Great idea!"
Can you imagine trading five really bad enemies of the U.S. for the freedom of traitor Bergdahl. Just another bad deal!
Dese"@DerrickFawley: Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill”"
The only global warming that people should be concerned with is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons because of our weak U.S. leader
The new hot term that they have recently invented is POLAR VOThey only changed the term to CLIMATE CHANGE when the words GLOBAL WARMING didn't work anymore. Come on people, get sma"@HOGdallas: @realDonaldTrump played Trump Scotland last Tuesday, weather and course - OUTSTANDING !!" Thanks."
Refloating the Costa Concordia for many hundreds of millions of $'s is ridiculous. Should have taken it apaIt is a joke the amount of time that network news spends talking about the weather. No wonder their ratings are way down! Enough already.
Record cold temperatures in July - 20 to 30 degrees colder than normal. What the hell happened to GLOBAL WARMING?
Again, for all of the haters and losers, I have NOTHING to do with Atlantic City - got out a long time ago!
I can't believe that 60 Minutes is right now showing our nuclear facilities for the world to see (at request of U.S. leadership). STUPID!
THE HARDER YOU WORK, THE LUCKIER YOU GET!
I have nothing to do with the Plaza Casino in Atlantic City. I have not been involved with Atlantic City for many years. Used to love A.C.!
My @BreitbaThe three great essentials to achieve anything woSuccess is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
Via @CBSLA: "Donald Trump Fights To Keep Large American Flag Flying At Southland Golf Course" On the luxurious Palos Verdes Peninsula @TrumpGolfLA features @GolfWorldUS' top public course &amp, elite restaurants My @IngrahamAngle interview on the border crisis, USMC Tahmooressi &amp, my fight for the American flag "@ShaniquaManning @TrumpWaikiki It looks like you've outdone yourself Donald. Beautiful prope"@gregglink @realDonaldTrump Amazing building and love the new sign! "@zraph @realDonaldTrump @PMA1048 Can't wait to go back. Best Hotel in Chicago!" Thanks.
...Mexico cannot believe what they are getting away with and have absolutely no respect for our leader.
Mexican leadership has been laughing at us for many years but now it’s no longer laughter—it’s disbelief...
.@JustinRose99 Great playing today in the Scottish Open. I see our practice facility is helping—use it a lot!
On June 1st. near Washington, D.C., I will be opening the greatest championship golf course in the U.S. All holes front on the Potomac River
Rosie is crude, rude, obnoxious and dumb - other than that I like her very much!
Rosie is back on the View which tells you how desperate they must be. It is the standard sho"@VerumVulnero1: I dig the Trump Chicago sign. Say whatever you want about @realDonaldTrump...he builds beautiful buildings.".So true!"
If a person is #1 at Harvard and comes from Europe or Asia, they can't get into the U.S. From Mexico etc. with a criminal record, no problem
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -- Albe“Don't fight the problem, decide it.” – General George C. Marshall
“You have to keep going and moving forward, no matter what is happening around you or to you.” – Think Like a Champion
“Let your passion for your work carry you through all the setbacks they can throw at you.” – Trump Never Give Up
Honolulu’s best @TrumpWaikiki features a dozen distinct tropically decorated Hawaii hotel rooms and suite layouts Mexico is allowing many thousands to go thru their country &amp, to our very stupid open door. The Mexicans are laughing at us as buses pass by.
When will the U.S. stop sending $'s to our enemies, i.e. Mexico and others.
"@PMA1048 @realDonaldTrump not sure what the fuss is about, I think the sign looks great! Success requires 100% effoUSMC Sgt. Tahmooressi sacrificed for our country. While Obama is welcoming illegals, our Marine is locked in a Mexican jail. #FreeOurMarine
My conversation from ON THE RECORD @Gretawire "@JeniferStevens @danarigdon Every Trump propeOur gov’t should immediately stop sending $’s to Mexico, no friend, until they release Marine &amp, stop allowing immigrant inflow into U.S.
Central America's tallest building, @TrumpPanama’s sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind .@AlexSalmond I hope you played well at Royal Aberdeen but u must admit the windmill hovering over hole 14 is disgusting &amp, inappropriate.
The most stringent gun laws in the U.S. happen to be in Chicago - and look what is happening there!
Obama looks exhausted and beaten. He was never made or prepared for the job. Like it or not, he doesn't have "it
Congratulations to @Yankees Derek Jeter on being named to 2014 @MLB @AllStarGame!
Obama is in Texas but will not be visiting the border. He is too busy fundraising!
Featuring @BLTPrime &amp, Palm Grill, @TrumpDoral offers a wide array of acclaimed top dining options In the hea"@sperzelgal @realDonaldTrump thanks for your inspiration keeping things real" Thank you."
“As you go through life, you've got to see the valleys as well as the peaks.” – Neil Young
There is only one person who should be crossing our southern border, USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Boycott Mexico? #FreeOurMarine
We should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border. Why are we giving them money in the first place?
High above the city, @TrumpLasVegas’ pool deck mixes business &amp, pleasure over a soaring bar of sky-bound gold “Set the example, and you’ll be a magnet for the right people. That’s the best way to work with people you like.” – Think Like a Champion
Opening in 2016, @TrumpVancouver’s original twisting design will transform the skyline at 616 ft. &amp, 63 stories Thank you to @GolfweekMag for naming Trump International Golf Links Scotland #1 -- GB&amp,I Best Modern Course -- A great honor!
Just looked at new selection of Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp, shi"Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." -- Steve Jobs"
“Listen to others but never negate your own instincts.” – Trump Never Give Up
Our country will soon be relegated to THIRD WORLD status if proper decisions are not made by our president. He was never qualified for job!
The immigration crisis is a horrible mess made worse by an incompetent president who doesn't have a clue. We need new leadership FAST!
“America is the experiment that works.” – President Ronald Reagan
Your tax dollars well spent. Over 1.295M ObamaCare enrollees will also be illegal immigrants Obama’s statement that illegals “can’t stay” = Obama’s promise “if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.”
Historic Change! Obama has spent over $44M of our money on travel expenses, the most for any president Via @dallasnews’ @neighborsgo by Heather Noel: Shelton School graduate receives handwritten note from Donald Trump NYC’s sole hamman, the bi-level @TrumpSoHo features indoor &amp, outdoor relaxation lounges with luxury services "@Mashawwwws They say read a book it'll make you sma"@Louie_Avella: #Trump2016 lets go @realDonaldTrump"
Buy at the point of maximum pessimism, sell at the point of maximum optimism. -- Sir John Templeton
Let this be the day you go for your dream. Focus, don't give up, and only accept total and complete victory. You can do it!
Happy 4th of July to everyone, including the haters and losers!
Do these very stupid politicians who got us involved in Iraq look bad, or what? Everybody wants their oil - only made possible by U.S.!
After foolishly spending two trillion $'s and losing so many great young people, the U.S. will be the only one who won't get the oil in Iraq
"@kingcamsmith: @realDonaldTrump please run in '16 Kentucky is ready to suppoAlways bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more impoTo be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you want to be successful, two impo".@SharkGregNorman @Trump_Charlotte Looking great love the improvements to the buildings and grounds! not to mention course" Thank you.
With an elite course designed by @SharkGregNorman, @Trump_Charlotte is NoOffering two championship courses, @TrumpGolfDC has been awarded the honor of hosting the 2017 @seniorpgachamp "via American Spectator @AmSpec "Trump Card" by Jeffrey Lord "@TV_BD @realDonaldTrump what's the best advice to be successful in business?" Have passion for your work. Then focus and never give up."
“Donald Trump unveils vision for @TrumpTurnberry” I never quit trying. I never felt that I didn't have a chance to win. -- Arnold Palmer @KingdomMag
There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
.@guardian_spoVia @BBCScotland: “Donald Trump's name 'will boost @TrumpTurnberry '” "@Hea"@zakspace11: @MattGinellaGC @realDonaldTrump was just at turnberry.. The place is awesome"
"@ModivMusic I've been reading @theRealKiyosaki books and about WarrenBuffett lately. I need some Trump books to read!" The ATrump Turnberry news conference tomorrow at noon, Scotland time. The place is amazing!
Champions aren't made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire, a dream, a vision. Muhammad Ali
Trump Int’l Washington D.C. is a historic building which our entire nation can take pride in &amp, enjoy Opening 2016 Entrepreneurs: Stay focused and be tenacious. Remain fixed on your goals.
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the problem.
I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance." Steve Jobs
Amazing. People are sending letters of suppoWhat can you learn today that you didn't know before? Set the bar high -- do the best you possibly can.
The more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. How can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
Business is a creative endeavor. Cultivate a sense of discovery and staI look forward to my press conference @TrumpTurnberry Scotland this Wednesday--lots of great people attending.
Have passion for what you do and be efficient at the same time." - Think Like a Champion
A testament to American ingenuity @TrumpTowerNY shines over Fifth Avenue as one of NYC’s most iconic buildings "@SPE_Mike @realDonaldTrump I live here in Chicago and I love it!!! Your building is amazing as is your sign!!" Thank you."
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is driving business out of New York for his own public relations benefit. A real dope!
I know Shia LaBeouf @thecampaignbook and when sober, a really nice guy. Must get act together fast before too late.
I just arrived in Barcelona. I make a big speech tomorrow and then off to Ireland and Scotland.
Practice positive thinking--this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary, negative or detrimental.
Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Our Q1 GDP was -2.9%. Worst in memory -- ObamaCare killing jobs, stopping growth and making small business insecure.
#TBT Filming an Oreo commercial with Eli Manning, Peyton Manning and Darrell Hammond- I'm leaving now for Ireland, Spain, Scotland and elsewhere--crazy life!
After these spirited primaries are over, @GOP must be fully united for November. If we take the Senate, we stop Obama’s agenda.
Via @Newsmax_Media by @melaniebatley: “Trump-Backed Candidate @leezeldin Wins NY GOP Primary” .@BretBaier’s newly released book ‘Special HeaExclusively @Macys, The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection features the best ties &amp, shiSomeone just wrote that “you predicted every single major event that’s now happening—and they knock you instead of giving you credit.”
As Iran began the process of taking over Iraq, many people wanted me to say that “I told you so!” – so, I told you so.
...In other words, Secy John Kerry is so out of his element...
Secy John Kerry has a tough job but he looks so totally lost negotiating w/ those characters who are cleaning his clock. Sad to watch...
Eli Wallach was a great actor and a great guy. My opinion-- his performance in The Good the Bad and the Ugly was his all time best!
I look forward to my press conference on Weds of next week @TrumpTurnberry to discuss changes &amp, big investment I'll make. Very exciting!
America's top public course @TrumpGolfLA’s greens on Palos Verdes Peninsula have been celebrated by @GolfMagazine "@David_Bossie: @realdonaldTrump-backed Candidate Wins NY GOP Primary “Failures are expected by losers, ignored by winners.” -- @CoachJoeGibbs
It’s Thursday. Which brand of eyeliner is the nation’s worst AG @AGSchneiderman wearing today?
If you entered our country illegally and are then granted amnesty, why would you abide by other laws? No Amnesty!
Now Syria is bombing Iraq and Secy. Kerry, after we blew the hell out of the place, says please don't do that. Syria is a front for Iran.
Boycott Mexico until they release our Marine. With all the money they get from the U.S., this should be an easy one. NO RESPECT!
Trump Tower Punta Del Este features the Trump Organization's signature superior quality, detail &amp, perfection Congrats to @leezeldin on a great victory. I hope my robocalls helped! #NY1
The secret of getting ahead is getting staIn the center of Ireland’s rugged west coast, @Trump_Ireland offers a beautiful golf course, top dining and a Spa "@wftragni: @realDonaldTrump to get America back on track. Trump will be the best president the united states has ever seen. Don't hate."
“The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle.” – Steve Jobs
Another cover-up. Obama won’t disclose how many illegal immigrants he has released into our country The 9.11.12 attack on the Benghazi consulate was a sophisticated, multi-prong wave attack. When will all the 50+ fighters face justice?
The Benghazi terrorist is getting speedier care than our Vets at the VA. Obama has his priorities.
A @senatormcdaniel win is a victory for our country. Chris is a Constitutional Conservative who'll make a difference in Washington.
I am the only potential owner of the @buffalobills who will keep the team in Buffalo, where it belongs!
"@BirdieFireGolf @TrumpGolfDC for hosting this special event for charities benefiting our brave men ... I hope voters in Mississippi cast their ballot for @senatormcdaniel. He is strong, he is smaGreat going @themichellewie –you showed the world that all of that amazing talent is for real. We love you at Trump Jupiter @TNGCJ
Flashbk – “Trump: ‘I would build a border fence like you have never seen before’”"Must read @nypost editorial on $40M NYC taxpayer settlement to Central Park Thugs -- "Wilding for Profit" "@jimrcottage @timbdickson @realDonaldTrump @sternshow He was on Howard Stern last week. Awesome interview!" Thank you."
The failing @NYDailyNews which just raised its prices because it’s dying, said I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t. Dishonest.
The dying @NYDailyNews asked me to do an Editorial on the Central Park 5 ripoff &amp, then they pretend it was my idea. Loser newspaper!
I wonder if when Secy. Kerry goes to Iraq and Afghanistan he pushes hard for them to look at GLOBAL WARMING and study the carbon footprint?
Do you believe that Secy. KERRY just went to Egypt to talk about "human rights problems" and this as everything is being blown up around him
"@wwtcorp: "@realDonaldTrump: The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Reso.@Graeme_McDowell Great playing Graeme - you are a true champion!
I will be on Fox &amp, Friends at 7 A.M. - 10 minutes. Much to talk about, enjoy!
How much money are the lawyers for the Central Park Five getting out of the 40 million dollars, or are they paid by the City (or both)?
N.Y. City is paying FO"@BROONEYBROONEY: @realDonaldTrump love your thoughts and opinions on the Central Park 5!"
I loved the day Paul Goldberger got fired (or left) as N.Y.Times architecture critic and has since faded into irrelevance. Kamin next!
Why isn't Mexico releasing our Marine. U.S. should come down really hard on them. They have ZERO respect for our so-called "leader
Listen – my Citizens United Political Victory Fund robo-call for @leezeldin "The @AmSpec interview by Jeffrey Lord: "A TRUMP CARD - The Donald talks politics and parenting." "MUST READ! My @chicagotribune editorial: "I love Chicago ... and my sign!" "From the Wall Street Journal: "Google Steps Into Autism Research" re @autismspeaks “When you’re at a meeting, monitor your behavior and work at being an observer – of yourself and of others.” – Think Like a Billionaire
“Competitive golf is played mainly on a five-and-a-half-inch course... the space between your ears.” - Bobby Jones
#TBT Saturday Night Live "@Jasonebean The Trump name on a building brings class and creates a landmark for a city. "@RonKarkoviceFF Trump Tower in Chicago is a masterpiece that completes a gorgeous skyline!" Thanks!"
.@PrimeMinisterSX has no clue what’s going on in St. MaaResolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus
“Hook your career to a big trend. There are huge oppo.@TrumpNewYork is NYC's only @ForbesInspector 5 Star &amp, @AAAnews 5 Diamond hotel w/a 5 Star &amp, 5 Diamond restaurant PM Sarah Westcot-Williams incompetence should not be rewarded. You should vote for anyone who runs against her—loser! @PrimeMinisterSX
Mullet Bay Golf Course looks like a slum on the beautiful island of St. MaaEvery day St. Maa"@jlk5253 @realDonaldTrump @TrumpChicago I love the sign. It is tasteful and classy, just like everything you do." Thank you."
Mexico doesn’t respect our border hourly Manufacturing is now less than 9% of US GDP. The Rust Belt, heaWhat took so long to catch only 1 of the Benghazi terrorists? Especially after the killer has been taunting the US in the press f/2 yrs.
US Army Reserve @leezeldin will bring Conservative solutions to DC. Next Tuesday, vote for Lee in the NY-1 primary. #zeldinforcongress
"From Fox and Friends interview: Trump: "We should not go back" to Iraq Will the Benghazi terrorist use the videotape as a defense? If so, will Obama apologize to him?
A country that cannot protect its borders is a country destined to fail. Another broken promise by our leaders in Washington.
The exclusive home of @PGATOUR's @CadillacChamp, @TrumpDoral sits on 800 beautiful acres in the center of Miami Every poll shows high approval of the new sign on @TrumpChicago. I am honored by the great suppo"@JoRoseM: Ryan tries to po"May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I won't" --General George S. Patton"
AMERICA USED TO BE THE LEADER OF THE WORLD. THANKS TO OBAMA AMERICA ISN'T EVEN LEADING FROM BEHIND.
.@TrumpChicago’s Spa has an array of 5 star services,12 treatment rooms &amp, 53 spa guestrooms w/great views The exclusive home of @PGATOUR's @CadillacChamp, @TrumpDoral sits on 800 beautiful acres in the center of Miami Just met with the incoming Speaker of the Florida House, @SteveCrisafulli – a fantastic guy! He will be a truly great leader.
Breaking ground sho"@nikkio Just saw photos of sign at night - looks really nice. Chronic complainers moan about everything --ignore them." Thanks!"
I was right—TV ratings for US Open are way down from last year. People don’t want to look at a burned out, ugly course!
The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Reso“No one remembers who came in second.” – Walter Hagen
With our border not being secure, Obama is giving a pathway to terrorists to enter our country. An attack is on him.
The perfect Hawaiian getaway, @TrumpWaikiki’s 462 luxury guest rooms and suites each have spectacular views "@kaylorcc @realDonaldTrump loved you on Stern this morning. You always have a lot of interesting things to say." Thank you. @sternshow"
I will be doing The Howard Stern Show at 7 a.m. (10 minutes). Always fun, and interesting, talking to Howard!
It's time to let Pete Rose, the all time hits leader, into the Baseball Hall of Fame. Enough already!!!!!
I bought the great Turnberry Reso"@adamjannke: @realDonaldTrump went to Doonbeg last year, loved it!"
I know about the “rustic” look on golf courses—but see photo of highly rated Trump National Philadelphia—a real gem. Success comes with hard work, focus and luck. The luck comes to those who seek it out. If you are not in the game, you cannot get lucky.
When ISIS caught the soldiers, do you think they read them their legal rights prior to executing them?
Choose your own path: It doesn't have to be the path less traveled...What matters is that it's the right one for you." - Vince Lombardi
Iraq is no longer our problem. We never should have been there in the first place!
Turnberry- one of the most beautiful places in the world.... soon to be Trump Turnberry, a Luxury... The VA scandal will only get worse over the time. Our vets deserve the best care possible. We must be open to private solutions.
Congratulations to @spurs on their @NBA championship. Well-deserved.
If anybody else but Coore and Crenshaw designed Pinehurst they would be run out of town—(and the tuThe only reason I am critical of the Pinehurst look is because I’m a lover of golf—and that look on TV huVirginia's highest rated wine by @WineEnthusiast, @trumpwinery is inspired by the regions of Bordeaux &amp, Champagne The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Reso"@mjb7: @realDonaldTrump . Have a great Monday! Still hoping to hear these words soon.."I will be running for President". #TrumpForPresident"
Will be doing Fox &amp, Friends at 7 - 2 minutes.
Big announcement tomorrow morning concerning the great Turnberry Reso"Congratulations to Ma"@benSEXT0N: @Cfeetsrevenge @LukeDonald @realDonaldTrump course didn't look good in HD just saying" No, it looked terrible, bad for golf!"
Johnny Miller correctly very critical of greens at Pinehurst. Said they should be "redone
"@RobeI'd bet the horrible look of Pinehurst translates into poor television ratings. This is not what golf is about!
.@HollySandersGC. Remember, it was MaI would like to wish all fathers, even the haters and losers, a very happy Fathers Day.
.@BlairKamin Blair, you may be the worst architectural critic in the business but thanks for your nice reviews about Trump Chicago &amp, sign PR
.@MattGinellaGC Have you ever seen Trump National/Bedminster or Trump International Golf links in Scotland. Both far better than Pinehurst!
.@MattGinellaGC Matt, the statement about Pinehurst looking like a local community golf course,"awful", was not made by me but tweeted to me
.@MattGinellaGC It's true Matt, the NEW "Blue Monster" is better than Pinehurst, so is Bedminster. Turnberry &amp, Trump Aberdeen blow it away!
I have been very consistent and always said that Iraq would fall as soon as the U.S. left. What a terrible waste of lives and money!
Iran will convince our incompetent President that they are trying to help us with Iraq, take over the country &amp, oil, and "O" will say thanks
Turnberry in Scotland is a far superior golf course to Pinehurst - and it isn't even close! Likewise the Blue Monster at Doral.
Iran is moving troops into Iraq under the guise that it is helping out. Actually, they will take over Iraq and all of their oil. Stupid U.S.
"@tobylight11: Hi can u If you want to be successful in business, you must take risks. Make sure each risk is calculated and can have a positive fallback.
W/ the ransom Obama paid for deseJailed USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi should be released immediately. Since when does Mexico care about border security?#BringBackOurMarine
Had a great time yesterday on @theviewtv with @WhoopiGoldberg, @JennyMcCa"@adamsteinbaugh: @realDonaldTrump you need to run for president like right now mister trump"
92 stories above NoThank you @Todayshow for the wonderful and honest poll results on Chicago sign. People love it! .@TrumpChicago is Chicago's sole destination showcasing a Five-Star @Forbes rating for both hotel &amp, restaurant "@JeremyHL: #Chicago River No"@amybdt: @realDonaldTrump So many other things to worry about in this world and a sign is one??? Give me a break! LOVE IT!!"
The Iraqi Army is useless. President Obama, stay the hell out of Iraq (we should never have been there in the first place).
We should never have gone into Iraq but, once in, should have gotten out a lot faster. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Watching the #GOPConvention#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
Dopey @chicagotribune critic fails to mention the ugly Sun Times sign.
Before I bought the site, the Sun Times had the biggest, ugliest sign Chicago has ever seen. Mine is magnificent and popular.
In answer to your questions about my favorite impersonator, the answer is Darrell Hammond.
People are LOVING the Trump sign on the Chicago building. Big league tweets, letters and calls...
A third rate architecture critic--who I thought got fired—for the failing @chicagotribune likes the building but doesn’t like the Trump sign
I told all of the haters and losers long ago that Iraq would fall, take the OIL or get out fast! Massive waste of lives and trillions of $'s
Iraq told us to get out, Iraq is now falling, and Iraq now wants us to come back! Don't do it unless we get the OIL, and I mean ALL OF IT!
Iraq is falling apa"@Mmmkamilla: I have never voted before, but if Mr.Trump ran for President, I would love nothing more than for my first vote to go to him."
Someone just asked me, who is my favorite Donald Trump impersonator? BTW The Miss USA pageant was the highest rated non-spoA former Miss New York is the designer behind the swimsuits featured in Sunday’s Miss USA pageant—beautiful! We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. -- Aristotle
Shameful. After trading 5 senior Taliban for a deseMust read @IBDinvestors editorial: “Child Alien Crisis Obama's Fault, But GOP Won't Pounce” The @GOP primary voter spoke last night in VA-7 &amp, @DaveBratVA7th won going away. Now the paThe 5-star @Trump_Ireland graces over 500 acres fronting 2.5 miles on the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare, Ireland Congratulations to @BretBaier on the immediate &amp, tremendous success of his book ‘Special HeaW/state of the a"@DavidInspired:Trump wouldn't be afraid to tighten our foreign policy! People would once again respect the US if he was elected! #TRUMP2016"
"@MissCassie1230: @realDonaldTrump for President! SmaIraq is far worse and of more danger to the U.S. now than it ever was under Saddam Hussein - and this after $2 trillion and so many lives!
Eric Cantor's concession speech was ridiculous - acted like nothing had just happened. WE NEED REAL LEADERS!
As I have said, the Tea Pa"@AskMrWhitey: @realDonaldTrump You have the finances and the name. And we have the votes... Get on it. Lets make it happen."
What I am saying is that we never should have been in Iraq in the first place. Bush was terrible, Obama is worse! Make America GREAT again.
"@lovebautistafan: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpToronto @mdamelincouI told you so a long time ago: Iraq just lost second largest city as their soldiers drop their guns and run. Only the beginning! OIL.
Be sure to watch @IvankaTrump’s @FoxBusiness @FBNATB interview from the @NYU #HospitalityConference Thanks everyone, they all said I won the debate. Even won the @CNBC Poll!
Featuring five championship golf courses including the Blue Monster, @TrumpDoral is South Miami’s top destination "@SchwabbieMan: @realDonaldTrump Amateurs... unfo"@Smurrrph: One of my favorite buildings in Chicago #TrumpHotel #TrumpTower @realDonaldTrump "@_tregun: @realDonaldTrump Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan: O's foreign policy (or lack thereof) fails repeatedly."
Five U.S. soldiers killed in Afghanistan by so-called friendly fire. What are we doing?
“The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.” – General Douglas MacA"@darryljordan: Run Donald Run! We need strong, decisive leader who'll make timely decisions, move policy forward &amp, return US 2 prosperity.
Negotiation tip: Know exactly what you want and focus on that. Trust your instincts, even after you've honed your skills.
Negotiation is an aNegotiation tip: View any conflict as an oppo“The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.” – General Douglas MacA"@mmurph @realDonaldTrump trump for president. You are a very wise man that we need in office!" Thank you."
Career Advice from Donald Trump" "Via @AP by @splaisance: "@realmissnvusa NIA SANCHEZ CROWNED AS 63RD @MissUSA" "@MarcoGio13 Been listening to @realDonaldTrump speak words of wisdom on YouTube every night. He really needs to be our next president" Thx
Heading over to the Miss USA Pageant. The young women pa"The man made "climate change" that our "great" president should be focused on is of the NUCLEAR variety brought upon us because of weakness!"
The Miss U.S.A. pageant will be amazing tonight. To be politically incorrect, the girls (women) are REALLY BEAUTIFUL. NBC at 8 PM.
No president in history has lied to the American people more than President Obama - in fact, it is not even close!
REMEMBER, the terrible 5 for 1 trade whereby the Taliban got back leaders (killers) and we got back a NOTHING, WILL COME BACK TO HAUNT U.S.!
The same "brilliant" negotiators that gave up five Taliban leaders for one traitor are now making trade deals with China &amp, others.No chance
We have to make the U.S.A. RICH again so that we can afford to pay Social Security, Medicare,and Medicaid and STRONG to keep our enemies out
By the end of this year China will be the number one economic power on ea"@trieuhoang73: What a great golf course, excellent job @realDonaldTrump. My 1st Scottish golf experience was one to remember. Thanks!"
Just toured Baton Rouge, Louisiana - GREAT PEOPLE, fantastic place, doing really well. Miss USA Pageant totally sold out.Tomorrow night, NBC
I am in Baton Rouge where the Miss USA Pageant will be shown live on NBC on Sunday night for 3 hours staThe owner of California Gold just made a jerk (fool) out of himself. Just smile and congrat the winner. His wife was visibly embarrassed!
.@AndrewKreig Thank you Andrew - so correct!
Will be in Louisiana for the Miss USA Pageant which will be on NBC on Sunday night. Watch Miss Pennsylvania,an interesting and amazing story
Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realDonaldTrump
Thank you to the greatest heroes Happy 30th BiOnly you can #SavetheQueen during the LIVE telecast of #MissUSA on June 8 at 8/7c on NBC. Click for more info: Obama is, without question, the WORST EVER president. I predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood!
“Learn, know, and show. It’s a proven formula. Put it to use staBREAKING NEWS: Obama has just made a trade with Russia. They get Florida, California &amp, our gold supply. We get borscht &amp, a bottle of vodka.
#TBT A picture of my fantastic father and myself. Best teacher in the world! A great Father’s Day... A great Father’s Day gift—a stay at my 5 star hotel @TrumpNewYork along with items from my signature collection "@GleisisSantos Reading @realDonaldTrump 's Think Like a Champion . What a great and inspirational book." Thanks, good luck!"
"@Boycottmaypac: @realDonaldTrump He got the president to show his BiI believe that in addition to the 5 terrorist leaders President Obama gave up for Bergdahl, a great deal of CASH was also given. So stupid!
Amazing view of @TrumpGolfLA Trump Collection’s summer line, exclusively available @Macys, is the pinnacle of style &amp, prestige. Dress your best! .@bretbaier has a wonderful new book #specialheaCongratulations to @joniernst on her impressive @IowaGOP primary win last night. Now all should unite &amp, defeat Bruce Braley this November
Obama can release 5 senior Taliban for a deseObama betrays Israel yet again, our strongest ally in the Middle East. He will recognize Hamas, breaking long standing US policy.
US trade deficit hit $64B+ in April, 2 yr record high .@TrumpLasVegas' 7th floor provides the most urbane feel in Las Vegas w/private air-conditioned cabanas &amp, a massive 110 ft. heated pool.
I hope we never find life on other planets because there's no doubt that the U.S. Government will sta"@paulscuz @realDonaldTrump I think he deals prisoners the same way he deals money. #Trump2016" True!"
If you like to work hard, you will attract people with the same ethic." - Think Like a Billionaire
Chris McDaniel looks like he will win in Mississippi - GREAT NEWS and big victory for Tea PaObama never consulted with Congress about a prisoner exchange. HE BROKE THE LAW AND SHOULD BE TRIED. OUR PRESIDENT IS A TOTAL DISASTER!
Are you allowed to impeach a president for gross incompetence?
Was Susan Rice told to lie about Bergdahl? Obama and his representatives lie about vi.@newsbusters Thank you for a great and very accurate story - well done!
Rapidly failing @VanityFair magazine hits me for my strong stance against Obama's "brilliant" 5 killers for 1 dese"@Wolf_Hausmann: What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. --Donald Trump
The five Taliban leaders released for a deseOur President is a great embarrassment to the U.S. How could anybody be so dumb or know so little as to make the very stupid 5 for 1 swap?
“The entrepreneur’s ability to dream, to win, lose and win again and again is often called the entrepreneurial spirit.” – Midas Touch
Remember our six brave heroes who died searching for Bergdahl after he dese“The problem is that no government can create real jobs. Only entrepreneurs can do that.” – Midas Touch
It would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our Veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
Moving forward f/tonight’s competitive primaries, it is crucial that the Tea Pa"@LisaV27 @realDonaldTrump I want you Mr. Trump as the president" Well, we'd better get someone fast--the U.S. is going down--fast."
“It's a tough game, and you never want to take that aspect out of the game.” – @NYRangers Stanley Cup Champion Mark Messier
Get rid of all of these commercials. #DemDebate
Airing live from Baton Rouge at 8PM ET on @nbc, 2014 @MissUSA Competition will be a tremendous event Obama’s war on coal is killing American jobs, making us more energy dependent on our enemies &amp, creating a great business disadvantage.
Be sure to buy this month’s @AmSpec magazine. Read “A Trump Card,” my interview with Jeffrey Lord.
Because of our terrible leaders, it is now open season on every American throughout the world. Terrorists are thrilled.
President said we would never leave a soldier behind. How about the 4 who died in Benghazi?
Great deal, we swap 5 killer terrorists for a U.S. military dese"@Taylor_McBath Obama is actively destroying the greatest country in the world. We are going to pay a horrible price for his recent actions"
Bowe Bergdahl walked off the base after he was told not to. Solders died looking for him. U.S. should NEVER have made the deal! PUNISHMENT?
Only a grossly incompetent government led by an equally incompetent president could have made the terrible trade for Bergdahl. #OrangeRoom
That the Obama administration didn't know the facts about who Bergdahl was before making the stupid 5 killers for one trade is pathetic!
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum going! It's a big factor in sustaining your success. Keep moving forward!
Entrepreneurs: If you cannot handle the tough times, you will never be successful in business. Stay positive &amp, stay strong!
"@danmillman I give @realDonaldTrump a lot of shit, but Trump National in Bedminster is absolutely incredible." Thanks (so.@ArsenioHall just got “fired”—the people spoke, ratings were terrible. The Apprentice brought him back from the dead, but he blew it!
Another Obama disaster- "@Roney_Samuel: @realDonaldTrump was at a whole other level this Saturday. Thank you for coming down sir! #TorontoInternational"
Putin is not feeling too nervous or scared. #DemDebate
The statement about leaving the base came directly from CBS Evening News.
At some point Sgt. Bergdahl will have to explain his capture. In 2009 he simply wandered off his base without a weapon. Many questions!
"@Awew: @realDonaldTrump Now the enemy knows that capturing soldiers is woThe U.S. cannot negotiate with terrorists. It is a sad and terrible situation for the family involved, but this can only lead to disaster.
President Obama created a VERY BAD precedent by handing over five Taliban prisoners in exchange for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl. Another U.S. loss!
I am in Toronto checking the great Trump International Hotel - highest rated hotel in Canada. It is a beauty!
#TheArsenioHallShow Well, it had to happen. People that are disloyal, in the long run, never make it. Arsenio was just cancelled!
“The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.” - @Oprah
Snowden is a traitor and a disgrace. Make no mistake, he is no hero. In fact he is a coward who should come back &amp, face justice.
MUST READ – via @IBDinvestors: “VA Scandal Grows As Bonuses Went To Worst Hospitals” .@TrumpChicago’s The Spa offers 5 star services w/ 12 treatment rooms &amp, 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline The American worker is being victimized by our trade policies. We need smaOur country is on the precipice. Washington is broken. Where is the leadership?
Our vets are the pride of our nation. The VA scandal is a disgrace.If you can get food stamps so fast, our vets should get immediate care
The Dunes of @TrumpScotland are a world treasure threading thru @GolfWorld1’s Scotland top Par 72 7,400 yd course My speech to @PressClubDC on Tuesday at the #NPCLunch on the topic of building a business brand via @cspan Via @PressClubDC by @snlyngaas: “Trump Says U.S. Brand Has Lost Its Luster” Today at 1:30PM CT I will be addressing @RepLeadConf in New Orleans "@MANNYSTEEZU: @realDonaldTrump should run for president." Thank you!"
#TBT Here I am with @gwenstefani and @donaldjtrumpjr "@bsarikas A Trump Makeover for Washington’s Old Post Office Snowden is a liar.and a fraud!
Have you ever seen our country look weaker or more pathetic: Snowden, ObamaCare, VA, Russia, jobs, decimated military, debt and so much more
Entrepreneurs: Be prepared and be tough. Cover your bases! There are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared.
Focus on your goals, not your problems. And remember--problems are a mind exercise--so enjoy the challenge.
My speech to @PressClubDC yesterday at the #NPCLunch on the topic of building a business brand via @cspan .@TrumpChicago’s The Spa offers 5 star services w/ 12 treatment rooms &amp, 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline Great @nytimes story about our conversion of the Old Post Office building in D.C. to luxury hotel- “You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.” – Pres. Abraham Lincoln
Thank you for all of the really nice comments and reviews concerning my speech today at the National Press Club. It was my great honor!
Like it or not, Edward Snowden is a SPY and should be tried as a SPY! He has stolen invaluable information and damaged us with other nations
The Blue Monster is celebrated in June issue of Robb RepoThe Boston Bomber got immediate emergency surgery for a gunshot yet our vets die on waiting lines at the VA. We must do better!
The Amateur. On his trip to Afghanistan, our commander-in-chief disclosed the CIA Chief’s name. Unsafe disaster! Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most ceWinners never quit and quitters never win.-- Vince Lombardi
“Results are what matter...A series of effoFeaturing private living spaces, oversized bathrooms &amp, stunning views, @TrumpSoHo = downtown NYC’s premiere hotel "@nawal: If someone knows they made a mistake and they apologize, forgive them and move on, but never trust them again. by @realDonaldTrump"
I am speaking today at the National Press Club, totally sold out, and will then be inspecting The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue!
"@pasVote RED in 2014 &amp, 2016 &amp, remove these inept clowns &amp, paWhat does.Obama know about the VA or business - nothing, just look at the five billion dollar ObamaCare website. We need a real leader!
"@MrBearHere: @realDonaldTrump just staI will be on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
"@seankjensen: #whocaroniscalling... @realDonaldTrump .@pgaofamerica A really great tournament, congrats to Monty, Pete B and Ted Bishop. FANTASTIC JOB!
.@McIlroyRory - Way to go Rory, fantastic victory!
Have a great and peaceful Memorial Day - but remember, there are people out there who don't want us to have peace. WE MUST BE STRONG!!!!
"@JakeMHS: The guy next to me on the train apparently suppoRising 70 stories over Panama Bay, @TrumpPanama offers our elite amenities in Latin Americas tallest building The ObamaCare websites have cost over $5B &amp, many still do not work The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.
The VA scandal shows the fatal ineptitude of big central planning government. When will we learn?
Terrible for the economy &amp, middle class, gas has now been over $3/gallon for a record 1,245 days Remember our brave men &amp, women who have fallen protecting our country this Memorial Day!
Very excited to be addressing the @RepLeadConf next Friday in New Orleans. There is much to discuss!
Obama's wind turbines kill “13-39 million birds and bats every year!” Congrats to @Team_Mitch on winning a spirited primary. Great job, Mitch.
Via @Breitba"@joddo15 @realDonaldTrump take a shot at buying the @buffalobills and keeping them in WNY!" @nflcommish
“Exclusive: Donald Trump wants to build a luxury hotel in Dubai” "Via @itp_ab by @ctrenwith: "'Trump effect' will see Dubai prope"@ptarkkonen: "What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate." -Donald Trump #leadership"
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. Don't ever get down on yourself, just keep fighting - in the end, you WIN!
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albe"@JFarquharLaird: Great to see @realDonaldTrump getting the respect he deserves. A gentleman, a friend, a genius." Thank you!"
Mike Leach's lessons, his takeaways from Geronimo's life are fascinating &amp, useful whether in boardroom or locker room "Thx, and from a better quotation source: "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." -- Wayne Gretzky"
I have been watching and loving the United States for many years and have NEVER seen it look weaker or less effective!
I will be heading to Dubai where I am doing a GREAT project with Damac - will be a massive success!
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work. -- Stephen King
Some people dream of great accomplishments, while others stay awake and do them.” -- Anonymous
Persistence is a key for success. Don’t give up. Continue to Think Big and you will be able to close deals.
Just returned from Ireland, Scotland and Dubai. Amazing trip, great places--but always good to be back.
"@AntonVonClouse been self-employed since I was 18. You &amp, The AEntrepreneurs: Do your best to your utmost ability every day. Make that your standard.
"@ajd5439 Visited Trump International Scotland yesterday, amazing golf course. #hole18 #Scotland #Trumpgolf Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - AlbeGoing now to make a major speech before some of the world's biggest investors in Dubai!
Remember, China is not a friend of the United States!
A classic - China just signs massive oil and gas deal with Russia giving Russia plenty of ammo to continue laughing in U.S. face.
"@JasonMattera: Poll: New Yorkers Prefer Donald Trump And Liam Neeson Over of Bill de Blasio Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious--and the best way to be victorious is to be passionate. Find something you love doing!
Entrepreneurs: Stay focused and be tenacious. Pay attention to people who know what they're talking about. Stay fixed on your goals!
Entrepreneurs: Get a momentum going. Listen, apply, then move forward. Do not procrastinate. See oppoWith @ivankatrump and the Chairman of DAMAC in Dubai. Hitting the first ball at Trump International Dubai, 272 right down the middle. “You have to be positive every single day. Positive stamina is a necessary ingredient for success.” – Think Like a Champion
The roads and sidewalks, airpoWe must stop releasing hard core criminals all over the United States. Our country must be strong again!
Getting ready for the big news conference in Dubai. It should all be happening in the U.S., but it isn't - SAD!
Advice from my father, Fred C. Trump: "Know everything you can about what you're doing.
I cannot believe how well ceI am in Dubai with Damac. PLACE IS BOOMING - AMAZING! Major news conference in two hours. Announcing luxury villas and major golf course.
I really like Jay Z but there is trouble in paradise. When his wife's sister sta30,000 illegal immigrants with CRIMINAL RECORDS were released last year by our wonderful, though highly incompetent, government. So stupid!
Amazing five days - developments in Aberdeen, Turnberry (Scotland) and Ireland are fantastic - the best anywhere in the WORLD. A lot of fun!
NobamaCare won't work, never will work and can't work - it is a total waste of time and energy except that it is hu"@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump Trump presidency would right the ship. Please run, Donald." It can be done - thanks."
Sorry, for all of the millions of people who long to hear my brilliant words of wisdom on Fox &amp, Friends on Monday A.M., no go - in Dubai.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. -- Steve Jobs
I am in Scotland checking on my developments in Aberdeen and Turnberry. Just left Ireland, propeSuccess is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
Winners, I am convinced, imagine their dreams first. They want it with all their hea"@NSingh2024 @realDonaldTrump @Turnberry One of the best Business Firm &amp, Family. What a combination. Amazing." Thank you.
Donald Trump is confident that Ireland is ready for a big comeback" "@BryanPax @realDonaldTrump One of my favorite places in the world. Great reso"@marionx72 Hope you've enjoyed your time at Turnberry. The surrounding towns will benefit too ! High 5 for the investment" Thank you.
Advice from my mother, Mary MacLeod Trump: "Trust in God and be true to yourself.
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. -- Steve Jobs
Via @BBCNews: “Donald Trump visits his newly-purchased Turnberry golf resoBe a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
"@FrobBedrickson @realDonaldTrump "ADon't wait for dire circumstances to test your quick-thinking ability. Be on ale“Be flexible enough to adjust to changing circumstances.” – Think Big
If you are steadfast in your effoCan you conquer the Blue Monster? Book a tee time @TrumpDoral right here The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.-- Vince Lombardi
Do your homework. Wasting other people’s time due to poor planning or thoughtlessness leaves a bad impression. – Think Like a Billionaire
DAMAC Prope"@evyfitz beautiful hotel, great staff, wonderful location &amp, County Clare is a hidden gem for unique tourist attractions" Fantastic place!
Heading to Scotland to check out Turnberry &amp, Trump Int'l Golf Links, Scotland. Then heading to Dubai @DamacOfficial, a great company.
Just spent two days in Ireland at Trump International Golf Links &amp, Hotel -- absolutely magnificent. Photo from @IvankaTrump of Trump International Golf Links &amp, Hotel, Ireland If you can’t handle the hard times that come with business then you will never be able to celebrate the successes. Focus &amp, Stay Positive.
It is wonderful to be in beautiful Doonbeg touring @Trump_Ireland. I'm truly honored by the wonderful welcome to my family &amp, organization
"@Lake: Watching HBO Tyson my suggestion to all wealthy spo@IrishTimes Thanks to you and the wonderful Simon Carswell for the great story on Trump International Golf Links, Ireland. It will be great
Time Warner cable out AGAIN in Manhattan - no television. They have a real problem!
Rosie O'Donnell just said she felt "shame" at being fat-not politically correct! She killed Star Jones for weight loss surgery, just had it!
"Via @WSJ by @SenAlexander: "Wind-Power Tax Credits Need to be Blown Away" Obama told his donors this past week “public opinion” is on his side. Don't believe that one either.
Another historic first under Obama, businesses are collapsing faster than they're being formed Must read f/@ weeklystandard by @JayCostTWS: “Obamacare Myth-Making - Five phony success stories.” The road to success is always under construction. -- Arnold Palmer
Home of the 2022 @PGAChampionship, Trump Nat’l Bedminster features 36 holes designed by famed architect Tom Fazio Dennis—Thank you for being honest. Somebody put words in your mouth &amp, you wouldn’t take it. Great! @dennisrodman
A rare case where the U.S. should help- A message for Hollywood- Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -- Thomas A. Edison
Cleveland just made a very wise decision - congrats!
Teams are making a big mistake not taking Johnny Manziel - he is going to be really good (and exciting to watch).
Great pick by Buffalo - Sammy Watkins will be GREAT!
I think somebody should pick Johnny Football - he will be a star.
I am watching the NFL DRAFT, will be interesting! A lot of talent but only a few will become STARS.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
“No matter how good you get you can always get better and that's the exciting paRemember, if you do not promote yourself no one else will. When you have success, let people know about it.
Discover your true self and surround yourself with people who complement your gifts and modes of operation." - Midas Touch
Also, the more desperate you are to close a deal the less likely it will happen. Stay calm and focused on your ultimate goals. Be smaYoung entrepreneurs – Remember that your first deals are the most impo“If it’s wo“The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman, and win.” - Phil Mickelson @MickelsonHat
The global warming we should be worried about is the global warming caused by NUCLEAR WEAPONS in the hands of crazy or incompetent leaders!
Dennis Rodman was either drunk or on drugs (delusional) when he said I wanted to go to NoCrazy Dennis Rodman is saying I wanted to go to No“If you want to be the best, you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” - Think Like a Billionaire
Russia is on the move in the Ukraine, Iran is nuking up &amp, Libya is run by Al Qaeda, yet Obama is busy issuing ‘climate change” warnings.
Great decision by @SpeakerBoehner in placing @TGowdySC as chairman of the Benghazi select committee. Gowdy is a seasoned prosecutor.
Congratulations to @thomtillis on winning @NCGOP Senate primary. Time for the pa"@BrklynSpoDesigned by @IvankaTrump, @TrumpDoral’s New Villa Deluxe Guestrooms include vintage a"@DavidBarringer4 For the record, Trump ties are the best ties I have ever owned. High quality and very appealing" Thanks."
Either Miss Pennsylvania will pay, her father will pay or her lawyers will pay. She huWon $5,000,000 against Miss Pennsylvania, Sheena Monnin, for her terrible and untrue statements about Miss USA Pageant. Not a nice person!
We will never have great national security in the age of computers - too many brilliant nerds can break codes (the old days were better).
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best. -- Andrew Carnegie
Aside from having no ratings, sleazy Ed Schultz lied about what I said. Thank you Scott Whitlock @ScottJW Just had a great legal victory in Ft. Lauderdale -- won trial -- now will receive tremendous $ in legal fees from losers. Love it!
This guy @sethmeyers can’t do a simple interview—saw him the other night stumbling &amp, mumbling while trying to interview a guest.
“Do not underestimate yourself, and know you are able to handle what comes your way.” – Think Like a Champion
Over 90% of American workers could lose their healthcare by 2020 thanks to ObamaCare. Repeal before it is too late!
Congrats to Barack Obama on April’s job repo"@rjbachor @HowardStern has said for years this country needs a businessman to run it like the biz it is. I think you'd be great" True &amp, thx"
Celebrated for its room views by @LuxTravelExpeWith the world’s top amenities, @TrumpTO’s luxury residential condominiums provide the ultimate Toronto lifestyle "@imFRANGtastic: @realDonaldTrump would take this country in the right direction. #USA #TrumpForPresident"
I will be doing Fox &amp, Friends in 10 minutes at 7.00. Many things to talk about! ENJOY
"@MissUniverseHom: @MissUniverse @realDonaldTrump Gabriela Isler #Beautiful #TheBest The ring announcers are working hard to justify the Mayweather victory. They should be ashamed of themselves! A TOTAL JOKE.
No wonder boxing is close to dead!
Crowd is booing the hell out of that phony decision - place is angry and going wild. Fight was not even close! DISGUSTING.
The Mayweather decision is a disgrace!
NO WAY, JUDGES SAY MAYWEATHER WON. INVESTIGATION SHOULD TAKE PLACE. FIX?
Fight is over - Mayweather lost big - but lets see what judges say!
Mayweather is getting absolutely killed!
Floyd Mayweather is being beaten up badly through 10 rounds by Marcos Maidana, but announcers say it is even. TWO ROUNDS LEFT.
The repo"There must be a higher standard of accuracy in the media. Incredible that some so-called "journalists" can make up lies and get away with it
"@JayRit @realDonaldTrump Reading an all time favorite TRUMP The AHave a great weekend everyone and for those of you that are young entrepreneurs, have fun but never stop thinking of the task ahead- victory
Young Entrepeneurs: Think Big, Stay Motivated &amp, Always Remain Confident. The Sky is the Limit.
.@sethmeyers Seth can't help it - he is really trying hard but just doesn't have what it takes. Very awkward and insecure!
Seth Myers is so unnatural and uncomfo"@matteastwood Say what you will about Trump, but he sure is amassing a hell of a collections of golf courses!" True, the best in the world"
#FlashbackFriday At Military Academy- second from left. "@slees1705 As a Turnberry member congrats on yr purchase.Will there still be a place &amp, role for members in future?" Absolutely! See u there"
"@fink13 @golfvoyager @ShannonAirpoWeakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.-- AlbeA feature on the progress of the course @ #Trump Int'l #Golf Club will feature on @CNNLivingGolf Thurs 8 May 2014 @ 0930 &amp, 1630 GMT #DAMAC
"@salpie @realDonaldTrump and how many of the jobs repoVia @BreitbaNever make a concession during negotiations that could lead to more demands. Be prudent. It's best to have your concessions predetermined
Negotiations 101: The best deals you can make are the ones you walk away from...and then get them with better terms.
"@TweetingAutism Please suppoWith @VanityFair circulation and adveChina will now pass our economy this year, way ahead of projections. Pres. Obama – China’s greatest asset!
ObamaCare not only has brought higher premiums, decreased care &amp, loss of jobs but now .1% Q1 growth. REPEAL BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE!
Will be doing interview on @GolfChannel at 8.00 this morning. Will be talking about getting the great PGA Championship &amp, Senior PGA etc.
Wow, Vanity Fair was totally shut out at the National Magazine Awards - it got NOTHING. Graydon Ca"@marco_reid: @realDonaldTrump @janecat60 @joeho @KathViner @AlexSalmond way to destroy a view..."
"@spabusinessmag: .@realDonaldTrump to create US$200m hotel &amp, spa in The Old Post Office, Washington DC "@lovelyfighter8: Loved my engagement lunch at @TrumpGolfLA @realDonaldTrump "@GolfDigestAU: Turnberry. Thanks Donald Trump for giving us a reason to show it. @newscomauHQ @dailytelegraph "@GolfDigestMag: "Forget Jack and Arnie, Tiger and Phil. The Master of the Golf Universe is now Donald Trump." Via @BBCNews: “US propeExcited to host two great championships at two of our best propeAnnounced w/ @pgaofamerica that we will bring @seniorpgachamp to @TrumpGolfDC &amp, @pgachampionship to Trump Bedminster
Getting ready for some big news with my friends at @pgaofamerica
“Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger.” - Arnold Palmer
It will now sta"@Drake4444444: @realDonaldTrump I'm glad to see you come out strong against Sterling today. Typical Trump, a strong voice."
Commissioner Adam Silver made a strong and very wise decision concerning Donald Sterling.
The premier landmark in midtown NYC, Trump Tower features our signature amenities w/a magnificent waterfall "@paul1994loan They should quote you word for word if they are going to use what you said Selective editing is very unfair" True."
.@jamieaydt Happy Bi"@michaelgferrara I don't agree with you most of the time - but people are absolutely twisting your comments to suit their agenda" Thx--true"
Just to show you how dishonest ceDopey @ariannahuff should force her repoIt’s impoIt is also amazing how comments can be edited to provide statements that are used in a knowingly incorrect manner.
A TRULY GREAT CHAMPION WILL SELDOM FAIL AND ALWAYS COME BACK. NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF GREATNESS!
Will be on Fox &amp, Friends at 7.00 this morning - ENJOY!
It is amazing that after lambasting Donald Sterling on @foxandfriends, some DISHONEST press only repoIs everyone enjoying ObamaCare’s 21 new 2014 taxes? Obama’s 2014 budget “eyes $1 trillion hike in tax revenue” Putin has shown the world what happens when America has weak leaders. Peace Through Strength!
Watch this amazing ad from @autismspeaks and learn the signs....@TrumpDoral’s Red Course redesign is underway. Will be completed in September. Follow all the developments "@JimMolton: @realDonaldTrump, Great job on Fox and Friends !" Thanks."
I will be doing Fox &amp, Friends at 7.00 - will be discussing the the Donald Sterling (Clippers) MESS!
President Obama is losing on so many fronts, in fact all fronts, that I am concerned he will do something totally irrational. He can't lead!
Isn't it ironic that China is going all in nuclear for energy while at the same time making wind turbines for others. @alexsalmond
If you have passion, confidence, resilience, &amp, vision, you could become an entrepreneur. Add focus to the list &amp, you're off to a good staThe only @Forbes Five-Star &amp, @fivediamond hotel in NYC, @TrumpNewYork is the definition of luxury "@61yellowjacket Love @TheApprentice inspirational, awesome businessman, teacher, &amp, great role model for all generations" Thank you."
We allow Japan to sell us millions of cars with zero impo"@obio @realDonaldTrump of course we have cards. Unfo"@RamKindaGuy: @realDonaldTrump speaks the truth #TrumpForPrez2016"
N.Y.Times headline states Obama suffers setbacks in Japan trade deal. Can somebody please tell him that with all they sell us, WE HAVE CARDS
#TBT As a young man when I proposed the Convention Center in New York City. “Worry destroys focus.” – Think Big
“Once you know you love your job, never stop and never give up.” – Think Like a Billionaire
“Get to know yourself.You can’t improve upon something you don’t understand.The more you ask, the better you'll know.” Vince Lombardi
As I predicted, Obama already caught lying on Ocare enrollment # by CBO who’s sticking w/ “6 million enrollments” Thank you @HauteLivingMag for naming @TrumpDoral the #1 golf course in Miami W/a newly expanded 27 holes of golfing, Trump Intl.Palm Beach is ranked by Florida Golf Magazine as FL’s #1 course "@AntonVonClouse I still have a"@mikhiett This is what you have done, its called perseverance. Now persevere to the White House! #trump2016" Nice!"
South Korea is absolutely killing us on trade deals. Their surplus vs U.S. is massive - and we pay for their protection. WHO NEGOTIATES?
“I'm not afraid of failing. I don't like to fail. I hate to fail. But I'm not afraid of it.” - @VinceMcMahon
Use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you stronger." - Think Big
The ObamaCare enrollment numbers are a lie.They will be ‘readjusted’ by the White House at an oppo"@yosoyrobe"@ChristineStergi what's wrong with everyone. Mr Trump will kick ass as president. Economy will flourish." Thanks and true!"
No surprise Assad is not destroying his chemical weapons. He never intended to in the first place.
New Yorkers will get a chance to see a film for free this summer from @attnyc and @tribecafilmfest. My choice? Citizen Kane #FilmForAll
The city of Buffalo is struggling. Moving the @buffalobills would be catastrophic. The Bills belong in Buffalo!
To be a visionary you have to chase impossibilities. Few ever get rich easily." - Think Like a Billionaire
On rugged Aberdeenshire coastline,@TrumpScotland’s Par 72 course is 7,400 picturesque yds. threaded through dunes "@KingMeeetch: @realDonaldTrump celebrity, business man, or politician? Who cares, you're damn good at all three"
Interesting how President Obama is flying around in a Boeing 747 on so-called Ea"@Robhammond11: @buffalobills anyone who houses the great Jim Kelly in a time of need can be trusted with this franchise" It was my honor!"
"@JeniferStevens: Someone needs to staThe way President Obama runs down the stairs of Air Force 1, hopping &amp, bobbing all the way, is so inelegant and unpresidential. Do not fall!
.@McIlroyRory Thanks for your nice note - they love you at Trump National Doral. You are looking good - will have a GREAT year!
Always remember, SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE!
“You measure your people and you take action on those that don't measure up.” - @jack_welch
China is closing a massive oil deal w/ Russia, taking advantage of the Ukraine conflict "Rep. Stephen Lynch (D-Ma) said, "There's all of these taxes and fees that are the tough medicine..it's going to hit the fan" 're ObamaCare."
Last Thursday Obama said "investing in infrastructure would improve our economy for the long term" The next day he again stopped Keystone
Congratulations to @bostonpolice on yesterday’s successful and safe @bostonmarathon. The entire country is proud.
Get the big picture--but be prepared for the picture to change. Where there's a will, there's a win. Think positively!
Understand that difficulties, mistakes and setbacks are an inevitable pa"Think big, set your vision high, and go for it. You'll be shocked by what you can accomplish when you do. " - Midas Touch"
With two champion style courses @TrumpGolfDC graces 600 rolling acres along the peaceful and scenic Potomac River Fifth Avenue’s most iconic building, @TrumpTowerNY features Trump Grill nestled in the corner of the Atrium "@Chuck_Kelly1 I'm not even a #Bills fan and I know they belong here! Devout fans + Trump owned = #Buffalove4Life" @nflcommish"
Once the tragic mistake of going into Iraq was made, we should have at least taken the oil (or at least some of it). Now Iran &amp, China get it
After thousands lost and spending two trillion dollars, Iraq (I told you so) is imploding. Really dumb pols put us and kept us there-so sad!
“There can be no libeIf America unlocked its energy potential, we would once again be the most powerful country in the world. Washington is holding us back.
Obama told Medvedev after the ’12 reelect, he would “have more flexibility.” It was music to Putin’s ears.
The biggest winner of Obama’s ’08 win --- Vladimir Putin. Ultimately he could be tied with Iran after Tehran becomes a nuclear power.
A storied franchise with a loyal fanbase, @buffalobills should remain in Buffalo.
We all know that chess is a game of strategy. So is business." - Think Like a Champion
.@NJPGA Club of the Year, Trump Nat’l Bedminster is NJ's top family country club with two award winning courses Just finished another week of filming @ApprenticeNBC. This season, a record 14th, is shaping up to be the best yet.
“@IvankaTrump: ‘Trump Estates Dubai unlike anything else in the region’” "@FrohawkMahDude I liked @realDonaldTrump, but the more u tweet, the more I love you man. #TrumpsBills #billsmafia" @nflcommish"
Obama through his cronies said the Keysyone pipeline was "not political" - how much can one man lie about even the most obvious things?
I will be doing Fox &amp, Friends at 7 (15 minutes). Enjoy it and your day!
Huffington Post is just upset that I said its purchase by AOL has been a disaster and that Arianna Huffington is ugly both inside and out!
Look, Snowden is bad, done tremendous damage to our country and standing - but we have far worse in our government (guess who?).
HAPPY EASTER - HAVE A GREAT DAY!
"@CCPLibeHave to go now to sign a great and job producing deal! Good night.
Snowden is a spy who has caused great damage to the U.S. A spy in the old days, when our country was respected and strong, would be executed
I give Secretary of State John Kerry credit for working and trying hard, but he has zero negotiating ability!
Remember, Russia still has Snowden. When are we going to bring that piece of human garbage back home to stand trial? He caused great damage!
I will be working late into the evening closing a big real estate deal—soon to be announced. Happy Easter and/or Holiday to all.
"@mjohnstonxoxo My favorite paI was always a big fan of Kim Novak and still am—a wonderful actress.
Nasty for the middle class, electricity prices surged to an all-time high this past March ObamaCare enrollment lie: Obama counts an enrollee as a web user putting a plan in “their online shopping caThe West Coast's most luxurious public course @TrumpGolfLA features spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views Why did Pres Obama remove sanctions against Iran prior to negotiating rather than completing successful negotiation &amp, then remove sanctions?
The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender." - @ProFootballHOF @buffalobills Head Coach Marv Levy
Remember, if you don’t sell yourself, no one else will. Make sure the public, friends &amp, the business community hears about your success.
CBO now estimates that over 2.5M will lose jobs directly because of ObamaCare. REPEAL now before it is too late.
Oscar Pistorious is guilty as hell!
America is at a great disadvantage. Putin is ex-KGB, Obama is a community organizer. Unfair.
My speech from last Saturday’s @Citizens_United @AFPhq #NHFreedomSummit My @FoxNews interview w/@seanhannity "Via @NJcomsomerset BY @wobriensomerset: "@TigerWoods brings charity golf playoffs toTrump Nat'l/Bedminster" "Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself "is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit."
The price of greatness is responsibility." -- Winston Churchill
Entrepreneurs: Have your own vision and stick with it. Don’t be afraid to be unique. Don’t tread water--get out there and go for it.
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals, know precisely what you want to achieve. Then study the best people in your field and learn from them.
Entrepreneurs--Always remember that every day counts. Stay focused. Stay positive and develop momentum.
I pick the best locations- @Trump_Charlotte has incredible views of beautiful Lake Norman. "Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results." - Think Like a Billionaire"
“My office is at Yankee stadium. Yes, dreams do come true.” - @Yankees Captain Derek Jeter
Obama has changed the Census so “it will be difficult to measure the effects” of O'Care In Hudson Valley @TrumpNationalNY’s course has pristine fairways, tour caliber greens &amp, 64 strategic sand bunkers "@SI_PeterKing: Why do baseball players slide headfirst? Are they just, like, not sma@PriscoCBS Thank you!
“Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.” - @DalaiLama
“Don’t toss off your problems, and don’t dwell on them either. Deal with them!” – Think Like a Champion
Get Snowden back from Russia—he has done tremendous damage to the US &amp, should pay a very heavy price.
On top of the disrespect shown by Russia, don’t forget they still have Snowden, who has given them (&amp, everyone) massive US secrets.
Remember, negotiations are fluid. Remain calm and don’t settle easily. If you have the goods, you will ultimately win.
Via @UnionLeader BY Bill Smith: “GOP rally in Manchester fires up paSummer's almost here, update your business wardrobe with Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys "@VerizonLGg2: I cant save for my retirement anymore. I had to buy health insurance, that I can't use. Was given ONE choice. #NotAChoice!"
Oscar Pistorious, "the blade runner," is as guilty as O.J. I wonder if the result will be the same?
.@AlexSalmond - Ireland just ended the bird killing wind farm near my great reso"@DLDizel: @cspan: "@Houst_: This book im reading by @realDonaldTrump is truly inspiring." Thank you."
Obama lied when he said “you can keep your plan,” so why would anyone believe his bogus ObamaCare enrollment numbers?!
Via @BreitbaMy interview with WMUR’s @JoshMcElveen at #NHFreedomSummit Big thanks to @David_Bossie, @Citizens_United &amp, @AFPhq for hosting me at #NHFreedomSummit. Will be back to the Granite State soon!
On the shores of Lake Norman, @Trump_Charlotte presents the true luxury lifestyle and an elite golf course An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last. -- Winston Churchill
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results. -- Winston Churchill
The people of Ireland are very smaIf the wind will not serve, take to the oars. -- Latin Proverb
Will be doing Fox &amp, Friends at 7 A.M. (1 hour). ENJOY!
.@JordanSpieth Great playing at the Masters and don't get down Jordan, you will win many tournaments and many MAJORS! Keep working hard.
"@TrumpGolfLA: ICYMI: Fantastic commercial @TrumpGolfLA feat. @JordanSpieth &amp, #tombrady Thanks @UnderArmour &amp, @espn .@bubbawatson What a great player you have turned out to be but also, what a great guy! Congratulations on another fantastic Masters win.
"@RustyWynnewood: Great day at Trump National in Charlotte. You took a good club and made it great. Well done sir. Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The impo#FlashbackFriday With Mickey Rooney, @Regis and @itstonybennett It's not enough that we do our best, sometimes we have to do what's required. -- Winston Churchill
"@Lfarotimi: @realDonaldTrump quote "you don't have to be ruthless, you have to be sma.@KAThomas212 Congratulations on joining the finest and fastest growing group of very talented people in the City. You will be GREAT!
Congratulations to @STEPHENATHOME - I will see you on the show!
"Entrepreneurs, keep this in mind:"Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds." -- AlbeEntrepreneurs, always remember that every business relationship can lead to greater deals in the future. Be sure to cultivate relationships
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
If traveling to the Windy City to celebrate 100th anniversary of Wrigley Field @TrumpChicago is Chicago’s #1 hotel Looking forward to promoting a pro-growth &amp, positive message at this Saturday’s @Citizens_United @AFPhq Freedom Summit in Manchester.
Into our first week of filming @ApprenticeNBC, the Celebrities are already turning up the heat. Major fireworks!
#TBT On the stage during the Emmys performing "Green Acres" with Megan Mullally "@JEngleLV: @realDonaldTrump had a great stay at #trumplasvegas" Thank you, people love it!
Really looking forward to watching The Masters this weekend - one of THE GREATEST SHOWS ON EA"@Vesparum @realDonaldTrump another great evening at MacLeod House" Thank you."
“Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.” – A"@EmilioMasella @realDonaldTrump the more I keep reading the more respect I gain for you" Thanks"
My @NewsRadio967 interview re Jeb Bush's absurd immigration comment &amp, @Citizens_United @AFPhq Freedom Summit. Looking forward to speaking at Saturday's @Citizens_United @AFPhq Freedom Summit in Manchester. Second visit to New Hampshire this year.
"@Steveleno80 The A"@jnicoletti15 even my little one is loving our stay at Trump National Doral Miami. Fabulous ResoSo many people don’t understand I am a big proponent of vaccines for children—just not in one massive dose—spread them out over time.
.@garyplayer you were great on @MikeAndMike this morning—&amp, the Gary Player Villa at @TrumpDoral is a hot ticket.
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral in Miami is doing record business - everybody wants a piece of it. Great reviews. Thank you!
.@mcuban says he is a member of Dallas National but doesn’t play golf. Who is a member of a golf club that doesn’t play?? No talent! @TMZ
Saw @mcuban try to hit a ball in Lake Tahoe while I played in tournament- he’s got no talent or strength!!!! @TMZ
.@Lexi Great job in winning your first of many "majors". We are proud of you at Trump International. Work hard - be an all time great!
Haters and losers say I wear a wig (I don't), say I went bankrupt (I didn't), say I'm wo"@LickNenahan: why isnt @realDonaldTrump our president. our countries financial stability would be so much more secure." Very true!"
Major League Baseball was really smaFor China, of all nations, to search the massive Indian Ocean and pick up the ping from the black box of flight 370 sounds a bit far fetched
I hate what has happened to the once great @CNN.
I can't believe that @CNN would waste time and money with @smerconish - he has got nothing going. Jeff Zucker must be losing his touch!
.@Neilyoung- one of my favorite musicians- in my office. "@__HotDawgs @realDonaldTrump hey can we get a shout out for a sta"@andzi11 @realDonaldTrump Watching the Celebrity Apprentice love it. Truly my favorite show #boladagur #gottaloveit" Thanks"
.@Andre_Reed83 Thanks for your nice words. You are a real champion. I’m pushing!
Never let the fear of striking out get in your way." -- Babe Ruth
I can't believe David Letterman has announced his retirement--he is a great guy! @Letterman
Ask yourself: "What can I learn today that I didn't know before?" Always be a student, always be open to new ideas.
If Trump became president he would do an amazing job, if Obama took over Celebrity Apprentice, he'd fail." What's your opinion? I agree!
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance."-- Samuel Johnson
I hear the very ungrateful @ArsenioHall has a show that is absolutely dying in the ratings. Really too bad!
Entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your employees.Make it an example that will best serve the success of your business.
Entrepreneurs: Pay attention to details. If you don’t know everything about what you’re doing, you'll be in for some big surprises.
Entrepreneurs: Be cautiously optimistic. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
Visit the highly acclaimed Trump International Hotel &amp, Tower Chicago and its exceptional 'Sixteen' restaurant "If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough." -- Mario Andretti"
Discovery breeds discovery, as in success breeds success. Questions are thoughts with a quest." -- Think Like a Champion
The signature restaurant of @TrumpNewYork, @jeangeorges is both a Forbes Five-Star &amp, AAA Five-Diamond restaurant Yesterday in front of Rockefeller Center "@Tyler4rmwc You would make a great President. If anyone can get us out of debt, it's you sir. Everything you touch turns to gold." Thanks"
In New York, March was the coldest month in recorded history - we could use some GLOBAL WARMING!
Noisy windfarm driving community crazy! Because of President Obama's failed leadership, we have put Vladimir Putin &amp, Russia back on the world stage! --No reason for this.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Sorry, couldn't do @foxandfriends this morning--big meeting. Will double up next week at 7.
.@MagicJohnson Good luck with the Dodgers this season, if they were like you they would never lose a game!
.@genesimmons Keep up the great work and congrats - we are proud of you!
"@TarrKoziara: @realDonaldTrump @ArsenioHall The Apprentice has sta.@ArsenioHall - How quickly people forget, but not me! You told me that without The Apprentice you could never have gotten your show - Sad!
.@ArsenioHall - The only thing you don't mention in the nice Esquire piece about you is The Apprentice, without which you would be nowhere!
To all haters and losers: I am NOT anti-vaccine, but I am against shooting massive doses into tiny children. Spread shots out over time.
To all young (and old) entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself, talk yourself up! Energize yourself and you'll energize others.
The best vision is insight." -- Malcolm Forbes
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don’t, no one else will either. Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effoEntrepreneurs: Another question to ask yourself—“What am I pretending not to see?” There may be great oppoFor Entrepreneurs: A good question to ask yourself –“What can I provide that does not yet exist?”
SSE slashes offshore wind investment—wants British government to pay for its losses on these monstrosities Join @autismspeaks, and light the world blue on 4/2. #LIUB will raise awareness for millions with autism!
With autism being way up, what do we have to lose by having doctors give small dose vaccines vs. big pump doses into those tiny bodies?
Healthy young child goes to doctor, gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines, doesn't feel good and changes - AUTISM. Many such cases!
Coach W to his basketball players - BE QUICK BUT DON'T HURRY!
If I were President I would push for proper vaccinations but would not allow one time massive shots that a small child cannot take - AUTISM.
Autism WAY UP - I believe in vaccinations but not massive, all at once, shots. Too much for small child to handle. Govt. should stop NOW!
#TBT For all who have been asking, my mother was a great beauty and a wonderful person. Here we are with my father- "Edddie24 Mr. Trump is a real American patriot. You have my vote if you ever ran. 👍" Thank you."
.@genesimmons is terrific--congratulations on Hall of Fame.
Remember, oftentimes the best deal you make is the deal you don't make!
I will be ON THE RECORD with Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight at 7 pm eastern/FOX News Channel
If you're going through hell, keep going." -- Winston Churchill
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." -- Winston Churchill
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life." -- Winston Churchill
Some great quotes from the legendary and courageous Winston Churchill: "Never, never, never give up." ...
If you’ve looked over the years,I’ve been right on viBy Obama mentioning Manhattan yesterday in his response, he has singlehandedly made it target #1. How totally stupid is this guy?
"@wesbaThis is the time for the United States to be strengthening all impo"Not good or smaPresident Obama looks absolutely exhausted in the Netherlands. He is not a natural leader, was never ment to lead - it is tough work for him
He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else." -- Benjamin Franklin
Robe"Getting to the point is appreciated by everyone. Here's some advice for public speaking: "Be sincere, be brief, be seated." F.D. Roosevelt"
Is this boring or is it just me? #Oscars
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." -- Wayne Gretzky
Thank you to @GaryVanSickle &amp, SpoObama should stop running down the stairs when getting off Air Force One. Doesn’t look presidential and at some point he will take a fall.
I wonder if Apple is upset with me for hounding them to produce a large screen iPhone. I hear they will be doing it soon—long overdue.
Obama must now FOCUS, get his mind off "March.Madness", and LEAD! Watch Russia closely, work hard on the economy and get rid of ObamaCare!
The situation with Russia is much more dangerous than most people may think - and could lead to World War III. WE NEED GREAT LEADERSHIP FAST
We should be building up our military and our missile defense systems to their highest levels ever. Must be very strong to prosper &amp, survive
I believe Putin will continue to re-build the Russian Empire. He has zero respect for Obama or the U.S.!
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." -- Aristotle
Putin has become a big hero in Russia with an all time high popularity. Obama, on the other hand, has fallen to his lowest ever numbers. SAD
Great advice from my mother: “Trust in God and be true to yourself.” – Mary MacLeod Trump
Great advice from my father: "Know everything you can about what you're doing." -- Fred C. Trump
"Continuous effoPresident Obama, be cool, be smaWhile Putin is scheming and beaming on how to take over the World, President Obama is watching March Madness (basketball)!
I don't hate Obama at all, I just think he is an absolutely terrible president, maybe the worst in our history!
We're spending a foPresident Obama was able to fool the Americans by getting elected, but not able to fool Vladimir Putin. Too bad for us!
Failure is simply the oppo"Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out." -- John Wooden
We are excited to announce Trump Estates at Akoya by DAMAC, luxury villas situated byTrump Int’l Golf Links Dubai "@CheezitsCat: .@realDonaldTrump what is ur favorite plane?" Boeing 757 and Citation X."
Looks like plane may have been found in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Australia.
Lithium ion batteries should not be allowed to be used in aircraft. I won't fly on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner - it uses those batteries.
Plane was carrying those terrible lithium ion batteries, which are highly combustible, as cargo. Fire could have sta"@Chris_LaPenta: @realDonaldTrump That's why we need you in 2016."
It's almost like the United States has no President - we are a rudderless ship heading for a major disaster. Good luck everyone!
.@AlexSalmond, Wind turbines are ripping your country apa"@SecularBobby: @realDonaldTrump hey. You are so cool and I'm voting for you in 2016" Very nice!"
"@TheTomBurkeShow:@AlexSalmond This what we really want in Aberdeen? Wind turbines are destructive to tourism etc. Head on over to my Facebook page to have your questions answered in the next #AskTheDonald- Re Negotiation: Know what you want &amp, think about what the other side wants. Know where they’re coming from &amp, do not underestimate them.
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection's new line is out @Macys --ties, shiBusiness is an a"Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets." -- Midas Touch"
 @MissyCombs38 Please stop renovating/creating golf courses. We need you to renovate the White House! #trumpforpresident" Cute!
The only way to do great work is to love what you do." – Steve Jobs
President Obama could totally solve the problem with Putin by demanding that Russia sign on to ObamaCare, thereby destroying their economy!
"@WondHerful: @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr The only reality show woSome people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them!
5 year old Trey has terminal cancer. I'm helping him go to Disney, won't you? There are many editorial writers that are good, some great, &amp, some bad. But the least talented of all is frumpy Gail Collins of NYTimes.
"@Pepper4366 Thought your show would never return. What is staJoin @autismspeaks and light the world blue on 4/2. #LIUB will raise awareness for millions with autism!
“Some people dream of great accomplishments, while others stay awake and do them.” Anonymous
I won't be doing Fox &amp, Friends tomorrow morning in that I have a big breakfast meeting on a deal. I will be back next week at 7. Thank you!
When nobody wanted the UFC, I opened the way by letting them fight at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City. Dana White has done a great job!
Frumpy and very dumb Gail Collins, an editorial writer at The New York Times, is so lucky to even have a job. Check her out - incompetent!
.@garyplayer As a true champion you must have enjoyed how difficult but fair The Blue Monster played last weekend. Gary Player Villa loved!
While I won't be running for Governor of New York State, a race I would have won, I have much bigger plans in mind- stay tuned, will happen!
The top leadership of the New York State Republican PaI have clearly stated that if the New York State Republican Pa"@juanmalird: @realDonaldTrump hi Donald genius"
AMAZING how the press protected President Obama when he did the so-called comedy routine with Zach G. He looked like a fool - they said cute
I just beat a lawyer from Yale and a lawyer from Harvard, who teamed up against me, in a major case wo"@AlecBordelon: .@realDonaldTrump officially confirms on @TODAYshow this morning-- Miss USA pageant will be coming to Baton Rouge in June."
Just did theToday Show to announce that Baton Rouge, Louisiana will host the Miss USA Pageant on Sunday, June 8th. @Miss USA.
Trump Victorious in FoCongratulations to @TrumpIntRealty for the two top rentals in 2013! Wow, the two highest apa"Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more impo"By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail." -- Benjamin Franklin"
I love taking lawsuits all the way when I’m right. @AGSchneiderman is finding that out the hard way!
With the complete Ft. Lauderdale victory, I will now sue for millions of $’s in attorney fees for which plaintiffs are liable.
JUST IN: A jury awarded a complete and total victory in buyer’s remorse lawsuit against me in Ft. Lauderdale.
The secret of getting ahead is getting sta"@mattmiller728 @realDonaldTrump I love all of your books very helpful" Thanks, good luck!
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else." -- Albe"@MikeE116 If you run you got my vote. You know how to run business and grow it. That's what our country needs." Thanks.
Rosechem1 One of the reasons that I like you is because I feel that old American greatness in your mentality. It makes me feel hope!" Thx.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up."-- Thomas A. Edison
"@rickdavenpo"@JonTwolegit: @realDonaldTrump when does celebrity apprentice staHave passion, drive, and enthusiasm? You can check out the @TrumpCollection careers here: The massive Blue Monster @TrumpDoral is getting rave reviews. I built it in one year—no easy feat!
I’ve been watching very little @CNBC lately—the good news is I’m switching over to @BloombergNews and @FoxNews.
Other woThe #CNBC 25 poll is a joke. I was in 9th place and taken off. (Politics?) No wonder @CNBC ratings are going down the tubes.
Congratulations to Patrick Reed for winning at Trump National Doral. He told me The Blue Monster is "the best course I've ever played
Will be on Fox &amp, Friends at 7 (10 minutes). ENJOY!
Leaders at Trump National Doral are only one under par. The great Ben Hogan said, "I've never seen a great course that was easy!
The newly built Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is being considered a "masterpiece" by almost all who see it and play it - THANK YOU!
The road to success is always under construction." -- Arnold Palmer
Congrats to @AlCardenasACU and @CPACnews. I really enjoyed being there—the response was so terrific!
The unbiased repoActually I was very nice to Jimmy CaOf course I don't think Jimmy CaTrump International Hotel &amp, Tower Toronto continues to receive accolades. Great city, great hotel. "Is business success a natural talent? I think it's a combination of aptitude, work and luck." -- Think Like a Champion"
Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today's world." -- Think Like a Champion
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts."-- Gary Player
The more predictable the business, the more valuable it is. Predictability also means consistency of brand experience." --Midas Touch
Elite Traveler &amp, the 12 Best Hotel Room Views in the World "You're never a loser until you quit trying." -- Mike Ditka"
Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. -- Think Like a Billionaire.
The opening of the @TigerWoods Villa at trumpdoral "@IbeJakeB Just read Midas Touch cover2cover. Tons of notes for @FlowWraps thank you &amp, Robe"@mariela_mh: @IvankaTrump, @realDonaldTrump DAMAC releasing today - Trump Estate in #Dubai Live on the edge--no complacency is allowed--and keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor.
If you're passionate about your work, you will never give up.
Remember to keep going--if you stop, your momentum will stop.
.@KirschnerDavid @realDonaldTrump Congrats Mr. Trump on making @Forbes list of wealthiest in the world." Thanks!
.@AustinKaiser52 The 2 people I am most excited to hear speak on Thrursday at @CPACnews is @GovChristie &amp, @realDonaldTrump #DCBound" Thanks.
Actually Putin doesn't want Alaska because the Environmental Protection Agency will make it impossible for him to drill for oil!
What do you think Obama will do when Putin seizes Alaska?
Baltimore just set a record for the coldest day in March in a long recorded history - 4 degrees. Other places likewise. Global warming con!
.@Mitt Romney strongly stated, in one of the debates with Pres. OBAMA, that Russia is the big problem. Obama scoffed. Mitt was 100% correct!
New York Magazine just named the most influential "tweeters" in N.Y. and one Donald Trump was #2 after ESPN. Actually, I'm easily #1!
.@JTimberlake It was great having you play The Blue Monster. Thanks for your nice statements-many agree that it is best they've seen!
Very exciting week for @TrumpDoral. I will be in Miami opening what will soon be best reso@TheEllenShow Ellen, you should get rid of Andy Lassner - the guy has absolutely no imagination or talent. Good try last night!
I have always liked Ellen, done her show numerous times, but she was not good last night - fumbling and stumbling!
Ellen was so awkward and insecure last night. The pizza skit was terrible. She should dump Andy Lassner, a guy with no absolutely no talent!
What is he reading? #Oscars
M.M. is a good choice - also, nice guy! #Oscars
Angelina and Sidney had a really strange vibe going! #Oscars
"@nate_noWas President Obama in charge of this years Academy Awards - they remind me of the ObamaCare website! #Oscars.
This is Amateur Night - who the hell is in charge of this production? #Oscars
This cannot be the the Academy Awards #Oscars AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They should have allowed applause during the TRIBUTE to the depaLittle Andy Lassner, who lives his life through Ellen and has nothing else going for himself, is having a really bad night! #Oscars
Judy Garland was much better, to put it mildly! #Oscars
"@wee_eats: best paI don't know how much longer I can take this bullshit - so terrible! #Oscars
Ellen is sadly having a hard time with her lines. #Oscars
Do you believe this singing? #Oscars
Which is worse and which is more dishonest - the #Oscars or the Emmys?
They must be kidding - can this be happening #Oscars
CeI should host the #Oscars just to shake things up - this is not good!
Just terrible! #Oscars
"@ericksonI'm having a real hard time watching the Academy Awards (so far). The last song was terrible! Kim should sue her plastic surgeon! #Oscars
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is driving business out of NY so that he can get publicity for his failing political career.
I am at Trump National Doral in Miami as the best golfers in the World sta"Sissy Graydon Ca"@RajeevSamtani: Get in, get it done, get it done right &amp, get out - Donald Trump" Actually, told to me by my father, Fred Trump."
Will be playing golf today with Rand Paul at Trump International in Palm Beach. Will be both interesting and fun!
China has just intervened to lower the yuan- in other words, they will continue to screw the U.S.!
By popular(extremely) demand, I will be live tweeting the #Oscars2014 on Sunday night. Tell all your friends I will not be pulling punches!
.@MarkBurnettTV and his incredible wife @RealRomaDowney did a fabulous movie, @SonofGodMovie- see it!
I'll be playing golf tomorrow in Palm Beach at the number one rated golf course in the State of Florida, Trump International Golf Club.
The World is falling apaThe U.S. has appealed ro Russia not to intervene in Ukraine - Russia tells U.S. they will not become involved, and then laughs loudly!
Obama just stated "he didn't take school seriously, made bad choices and GOT HIGH" - then how the hell did he get into Columbia &amp, Harvard?
Congrats to R. Emmett Tyrrell, Jr of @AmSpec for the fantastic piece on Benghazi. Lightweight @AGSchneiderman’s phony lawsuit against Trump U was decimated by the couBlack politicians are in prison based on Shirley Huntley’s statements but not white @AGSchneiderman RACISM! I think the @NewYorkObserver was far too nice to sleazebag @AGSchneiderman. He’s got plenty more to worry about!.
Congrats to R. Emmett Tyrrell, Jr of @AmSpec for the fantastic piece on Benghazi.
"@IamTN_Cheru: Congrats to Charles @krauthammer for his statements on climate change, formerly known as global warming!
.@AGSchneiderman has never once said that he didn’t ask for campaign contributions during the investigation.
Disappointed the @NewYorkObserver a"Experience is not what happens to you, it's what you do with what happens to you." -- Aldous Huxley"
Success tip: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always oppoSuccess tip: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
Success tip: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Wow, NY Observer story about @AGSchneiderman really exposes him as a sleazebag &amp, crook. He’s bad for New York. "@AndyDubaingltd @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump,you were created for our generatıon" Wow!"
Just did final purchase on fabulous @LodgeatDoonbeg in Ireland. Will become Trump International Hotel &amp, Golf Links, Ireland. Very exciting!
To aspiring entrepreneurs: Be tenacious. Once you've decided on your goals, remain fixed on them. Set the bar high!
To aspiring entrepreneurs: Be ready for problems. You'll have them every day. So remember to look at the solution--not the problem.
To aspiring entrepreneurs: Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason.
To aspiring entrepreneurs: Be focused! Know your goals. Put everything you've got into what you're doing--every single day.
Models! Remember to register for the Trump Model Search. Check out the info here: "@RayTirado @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to meeting you at #CPAC2014 ... #askhardquestions" Great!"
Congrats @marklevinshow on fantastic a"@OrangeBlood16 #Syracuse is about to be a little more lively, @realDonaldTrump to visit for Republican fundraiser" Looking forward to it!"
"@siWith the World hating us and wanting to destroy the U.S., we have just cut the hell out of the military budget, making it smallest since '39
Iraq buying $200,000,000 wo"@TheSergioGarcia Played the new Trump Doral this morning! Should be great for next week!" Thx Sergio, u will do great next week, see u then"
Building a personal brand? Then focus on being great. Focus on being the best at what you do. Excellent aEntrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. See yourself as victorious and leading a winning team. Keep everyone moving forward.
Entrepreneurs: Don't expect anyone to be on your side. Sometimes we're all in this alone. So believing in yourself is mandatory.
Entrepreneurs: Everything staWe could make America great again by spreading ObamaCare throughout the World while at the same time dropping it from U.S.!
Whether you like it or not, the Russians did a great job in hosting the Olympics! Remember when Obama went to Europe to get Olympics-fou"@darealfito: @realDonaldTrump not only would you be an amazing President, you would be the only one that can give America it's balls back!"
Will be doing Fox &amp, Friends at 7 A.M. - 20 minutes. ENJOY!
Russia beat the United States in the Olympics-another Obama embarrassment! Isn't it time that we turn things around and sta"@BarrusTJ: Is it just me or does the idea of a president who knows how to succeed and lead actually seem possible.#Trump2016"
Do you think that very dumb repo"@Reagan_Nation: Michael Savage: Donald Trump Is The Only Republican That Can Beat Hillary .@danawhite - You have done an amazing job - I am proud to have been there at the very beginning!
.@AllenWest Great seeing you last night at record setting Mar-a-Lago Republican event. The crowd loved you!
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance."-- Samuel Johnson
.@MichaelRCaputo Thank you for all of your suppo"@michelleneuf: @realDonaldTrump We need you and Giuliani in Whitehouse. We need a crime fighter who knows crime!!! And your creativity."
.@KieranLalor I created far more jobs and success in Dutchess than you--you should be "Fired.
I took a failed club in Dutchess County &amp, made it a great success plus many jobs. @KieranLalor should be thankful.
.@FLGovScott can create tens of thousands of jobs by approving casinos in Miami--it's time. @willweatherford
Individual commitment to a group effo"@woodrowwinters you have 3 very capable kids that can run the company for you This country needs you badly." Thx"
A poll of the Miami-Dade was conclusively in favor of gambling in Miami. @willweatherford @FLGovScott "@Cmac23Jenkins: I dont care how old it is, I will always get so pumped up when I listen to Donald Trump." Really nice (so"@tspohn: I think it'd be cool if @realDonaldTrump ran in 2016. He'd get my vote" Great!"
"@alexrasey: I'd vote for @realDonaldTrump in a heaGovernor Cuomo is right about one thing - Attorney General Eric Schneiderman does wear eyeliner! What the hell is up with him?
“@joerepublic1 @mckaycoppins how nice of this punk with a pen to call a truce after he tries to show u up w/his bs!" True, thx
Thank you to Jeffrey Lord @AmSpec for his incredible &amp, insightful aFor the NY State Repubs to waste time, energy and money on a primary—then go against 3-1 Dems—is insane.
Thank you to Matt Boyle @BreitbaNY State Republican PaInternal polling shows that I would swamp @RobAstorino in a NY Republican primary 77% to 23%. But won’t run if pa"@graeme123s I have that many Trump books at my desk he may as well be next to me telling me I have what it takes" Thanks"
"@DaveDautel Been following you since your book "A.@willweatherford @FLGovScott Gaming in Miami will be incredible—best in world and create lots of jobs and revenue.
.@FLGovScott Gaming states are laughing at stupidity of not approving gaming in FL—they’re afraid of Miami—can’t believe their luck!
I read @willweatherford’s comments that “the lights are dimming on gambling in Florida”—nothing could be worse for the state.
.@AlexSalmond sought my suppoMy friend @eminofficial was fantastic on the @TODAYshow this morning—a star!
Isn't it crazy, I'm wo"@Nospin_43: @realDonaldTrump @tan123 climate change allows them to stay on the gravy train whatever happens."
I wonder how much money dumb @BuzzFeed and even dumber Ben Smith loooose each year? They have zero credibility - totally irrelevant and sad!
Ben Smith (is that really his last name?) of @BuzzFeed is a total mess who probably got his minion Coppins to do what he didn't want to do?
Amazing story in @Breitba"Coming together is a beginning, keeping together is progress, working together is success." -- Henry Ford"
Bloggers like McKay Coppins &amp, @BuzzFeed are true garbage with no credibility. Record setting crowds &amp, speech not repoThank you Jeffrey Lord for the great aA legitimate a"@Michael_KSC: @realDonaldTrump @thedropkicks Whether Global Warming or Climate change. The fact is We didn't cause it. We cannot change it."
"@SharonSmurfit: “@realDonaldTrump: Great purchase in Ireland--- will be a top spot! It's not climate change,it's global warming.Don't let the dollar sucking wiseguys change names midstream because the first name didn't work
Do you think John Kerry is aware of the fact that they are building nuclear weapons in Iran and NoDo you believe this one - Secretary of State John Kerry just stated that the most dangerous weapon of all today is climate change. Laughable
Don't let the GLOBAL WARMING wiseguys get away with changing the name to CLIMATE CHANGE because the FACTS do not let GW tag to work anymore!
Due to the holiday, I will NOT be doing Fox &amp, Friends this morning. Next Monday at 7.
I never equated wind farms to the Pan Am Lockerbie disaster - only stated that @AlexSalmond should never have released the terrorist - BAD!
"@AdamEdinburg: @realDonaldTrump was watching home alone 2 with my son and you look the exact same! Can I get a @LodgeatDoonbeg One of the great places on the planet, and will only get better now that I own it and will be investing large sums in it!
The brand new Blue Monster Golf Course at Trump National Doral is doing fantastic business. Also, the new driving range is open at night!
A dishonest slob of a repo"@DrewMadeOFF: "@FaizerMiami: @realDonaldTrump best advice from the best leader
Set the bar high--do the best you possibly can. Be focused, disciplined and ale"I never did a day's work in my life. It was all fun." -- Thomas A. Edison"
"@dasboot96 Scotland's loss for being shoI hope that Derek Jeter has such a fantastic year with @Yankees that he changes his mind about retiring. Great guy!
The Irish government is too smaMy new club on the Atlantic Ocean in Ireland will soon be one of the best in the World - and no-one will be looking into ugly wind turbines!
Do you believe the way Karzai talks down to the United States - zero respect!
"@MandreinaHP you're one of my idols, from age 15 I read your books, at 18 I sta@DanScavino Thanks Dan.
Give your goals substance -- make them count on as many levels as you can. Remember that passion can be the catalyst for great achievement.
A big paOur clubhouse facility &amp, suites in Ireland @LodgeatDoonbeg #TrumpIreland Great making keynote speech at 2014 Lincoln Day Dinner, hosted by Dan Isaacs &amp, NY Republican County Committee. Wonderful people!
If Scotland doesn’t stop insane policy of obsolete, bird killing wind turbines, country will be destroyed. @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC
My sons, Don and Eric, are in Ireland looking at my new club. It will be phenomenal! @LodgeatDoonbeg
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more impo"If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves." -- Thomas A. Edison
"Don't sell yourself shoIf ObamaCare is such a wonderful law then why does Obama summarily change the law before an election?
Make it special! No better place to celebrate St. Patrick's Day in the Windy City than @TrumpChicago "Trump lays out big plans for Doonbeg resoMy sons Don and Eric are right now at Doonbeg in Ireland. There will be nothing like it!
The people of Ireland have been so great about my purchase of Doonbeg -- I'll be there soon. @LodgeatDoonbeg
“Trump's Championship #BlueMonster Course Opens To Rave Reviews” Looking forward to addressing the record setting crowd tonight at the New York County Lincoln Day Dinner. Lots to talk about!
Great purchase in Ireland--- will be a top spot! “Remember to keep going: if you stop, your momentum will stop.” – Think Big
W/ views of NYC's skyline, Trump Stamford is Connecticut’s most luxurious high rise, featuring Trump amenities "Destiny has a paGovernor Cuomo only cut the Verrazano Bridge tolls because I made it a major point in speeches. I love the people of Staten Island!
Anytime you see someone talking about celebrity weight loss on my "twitter" it is a total scam!
"@GolfSwingShi@K_Swisher69 Thanks Kasey!
Doing Fox &amp, Friends at 7.00 A.M. ENJOY!
I've been saying for three months that the bridge tolls to Staten Island are far too high and unfair-just got lowered, but not nearly enough
Via @GolfweekMag by @BKleinGolfweek: “Donald Trump reopens Doral's Blue Monster” 46 stories above downtown New York, @TrumpSoHo features loft-inspired interiors designed by Fendi Casa "Remember that things are cyclical, so be resilient, be patient, be creative, and remain positive." - Think Like a Champion"
How does frumpy &amp, little read @nytimes editorial writer Gail Collins keep her job? She is totally irrelevant! @nytimescollins
Never allow your attitude to be a liability. Be positive and strong. Set your mind on winning-- and keep it there.
Negotiation: It is persuasion more than power.
Just be tough, be strong, be willing to learn – and you will learn. Don’t be afraid of mistakes or setbacks." Think Like a Champion
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."-- Steve Jobs
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest."-- Benjamin Franklin
The Blue Monster Golf Course officially opens tomorrow at Trump National Doral with a ribbon cutting ceremony. GREAT COURSE, GREAT REVIEWS!
Wow, just in - ObamaCare projected to cause large scale drop in jobs - even Dems are shocked by 2.5 million number. DISASTER!
When will our country stop wasting money on global warming and so many other truly "STUPID" things and begin to focus on lower taxes?
Massive record setting snowstorm and freezing temperatures in U.S. Sma"Realize that an entrepreneur's most impoCongress should be worried about American workers not people who came into our country by breaking our laws.
CBO estimates over 2.3M jobs will be lost due to ObamaCare Congrats to Pres.Obama and Dems. CBO has TRIPLED its estimate of working hours lost due to ObamaCare In 2016, the Old Post Office will be fully transformed into an iconic destination, Trump Int'l Washington DC "Experience, knowledge, and prescience are a formidable combination of powers. Do not underestimate them." - Think Like a Champion"
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most ceWind energy is a complete economic disaster.... Rio de Janeiro joins the @TrumpCollection in 2016. It’s going to be a spectacular hotel! "Chance favors the prepared mind."-- Louis Pasteur"
The President of the U.S. is the leader of the Free World. He should dress like it at all times. Wear a suit and a tie for major interviews.
The @PGATOUR comes to Miami on March 6th when the @CadillacChamp returns to @TrumpDoral Watch commodity prices soar because of the freezing cold. Will be bad for the economy. We could use some global warming.
The @Broncos had a truly bad day--my advice is to go home, forget about it, and come back tough next year.
Via @MiamiHerald: “@IvankaTrump talks family and business” "@Gfeorg: @realDonaldTrump President Obama should visit Macy's and buy some beautiful Trump silk ties."
I can't get over, after all of the buildup, what a terrible game that was-the worst Super Bowl in history. The adveThis may be the worst football game ever played by one team, Denver! Hard to watch.
Enjoy the Super Bowl!
Go to the website for the Judge's full decision re Trump University: Afghanistan's so called leader, Karzai, is toying with the U.S.
COU"The unforgivable crime is soft hitting. Do not hit at all if it can be avoided, but never hit softly." - Theodore Roosevelt"
To Jamie Dimon—I love kicking lightweight @AGSchneiderman’s ass. Stop settling and fight!
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman just got his ass kicked by Trump!
For information on Trump University victory, call Alan GaWow--tremendous victory in the Trump University case against lightweight @AGSchneiderman--just got the news!
 @WealthyJACK @realDonaldTrump True. I read it - great book, Mr. Trump." Thanks.
A"@mattj4226 My day was made when I read that you will be speaking at my first #CPAC!" I hope you like it!"
Looking forward to being hosted by @NickLangwoRaffaele Sollecito was unfairly convicted. He didn’t kill anyone. The Italian government should be ashamed. @Raffasolaries
Via @Breitba"For what is the best choice, for each individual, is the highest it is possible for him to achieve." -- Aristotle
.@IamStevenT stopped by my office to say hello- a great guy! “Design your business from the sta"@robe“Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Are Republicans suicidal? Now they want to push amnesty through Congress. Allowing Democrats into the country.
The NY SAFE Act is an unconstitutional attack on 2nd Amendment rights. Will also increase crime.
Obama said in his SOTU that “global warming is a fact.” Sure, about as factual as “if you like your healthcare, you can keep it.”
Excited to announce Trump Rio de Janeiro, our first South American @TrumpCollection hotel set to open in 2016 "@caleb2207: @realDonaldTrump is our future. Only he can turn our country around. #TRUMP2016"
With one of the worst and most prolonged cold spells in history, with Atlanta, Texas and pa"@Desheay: @realDonaldTrump DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT 2016. A New Era Of Prosperity FOR ALL......" True, and it would be easy!"
Remember when "comedian" Bill Maher openly praised the disgusting terrorists who destroyed the World Trade Center-then got canned by ABC?
Failing comedian Bill Maher, who I got an accidental glimpse of the other night, is really a dumb guy, just look at his past!
Press conference at the opening of the @GaryPlayer Villa at @TrumpDoral . With @IvankaTrump and @EricTrump at the opening of the @GaryPlayer Villa at @TrumpDoral- “Patriotism is suppoOnce ObamaCare is fully enacted in NY, conveniently after 2014, expect higher premiums, bigger deductibles, &amp, worse care. Job killer!
If you can't say great things about yourself, who do you think will?" - Think Like a Champion
Wow, honored to just pass 2.5M followers on @twitter. Thanks to all my followers. We are going to have a great year together.
Just received a wonderful letter from a new father who bought his son his first book, The A“The cheapest natural gas in the world is in the United States.” - @boonepickens
Always leave your ego at the door during negotiations. Remember, it’s only business and there will always be another day!
Now the UN is attacking @Redskins franchise Welcome to the new reality! Moody’s just downgraded the entire US health insurance industry because of ObamaCare.
Thanks to everyone for your suppoThe @CadillacChamp returns to @TrumpDoral on March 6th It was great being on @MikeAndMike in the Morning (ESPN)—two great guys, fantastic show!
Mike &amp, Mike in one minute!
I will be on the Mike &amp, Mike Show on radio and ESPN-at about 6 to 7 A.M. We will be talking Super Bowl and spoGive me clean, beautiful and healthy air - not the same old climate change (global warming) bullshit! I am tired of hearing this nonsense.
The weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming HOAXSTERS were forced to change the name to climate change to keep $ flow!
Snowing in Texas and Louisiana, record setting freezing temperatures throughout the country and beyond. Global warming is an expensive hoax!
"Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of aCreativity and control can go hand in hand. Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
"It's not that I'm so smaHow much is New York State spending on that obnoxious T.V. commercial that is being played endlessly for a tax incentive that doesn't work?
Steve Jobs is spinning in his grave - Apple has lost both vision and momentum - must move fast to get magic back!
I predicted Apple's stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger iPhone screen like Samsung. I sold my Apple stock
Apple's iPhone sales fell way shoEverything comes to him who hustles while he waits.-- Thomas A. Edison
For entrepreneurs, ignorance is not bliss. It's fatal. It's costly. And it's for losers. You either get organized, or get crushed.
Passion gives great momentum and can be the catalyst for great achievement.
Give your goals substance. Imbue them with a value that exceeds the monetary. Make them count on as many levels as you can.
Will be on Fox &amp, Friends at 7.00 - Enjoy!
Do you really believe our once great country can continue to survive with incompetent leadership. The answer is no and we better move fast!
Any and all weather events are used by the GLOBAL WARMING HOAXSTERS to justify higher taxes to save our planet! They don't believe it $$$$!
"@dawson_Stock: Don't forget. "Global warming" can also mean ea#AskTrump Getting ready to answer your questions. NBC News just called it the great freeze - coldest weather in years. Is our country still spending money on the GLOBAL WARMING HOAX?
"@TONYWELCH007: @realDonaldTrump It all staHave the right mindset for the job. See your work as an aWhen times are difficult, you must be even more focused. That’s when you will find profitable oppovia WSJ. Wake up @AlexSalmond before you destroy Scotland. @David_Cameron, @AberdeenCC, @pressjournal For all of those who have been asking, a big cast announcement coming soon for @ApprenticeNBC!
90 stories over midtown New York, Trump World Tower’s glass cuGreat day yesterday at @TrumpDoral unveiling the new Gary Player Villa Honored to be named as one of business’s “Top Leaders, Icons and Rebels” by @CNBC "You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else." Albe"You never know when the tide is going to turn in your favor. It's impoGreat @UnionLeader piece by @jdistaso on my visit to @saintanselm for @NECouncil &amp, @nhiop Politics &amp, Eggs Will be leaving Palm Beach for the 11 A.M. ceremony opening the magnificent GARY PLAYER VILLA at Trump Nationak Doral, Miami. GARY IS GREAT!
Set high standards and meet them. The proof is in the doing: learn by doing and taking risks.
"@ASenaPhotograph Today is my 61st biHappy Anniversary to my wonderful wife @MELANIATRUMP -- a truly great decision by me! Learning to expect problems saved me from a lot of wasted energy. Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.
“You're never a loser until you quit trying.” - Mike Ditka
Hope &amp, Change! China now controls a record number of our debt Excited for tomorrow’s Politics &amp, Eggs @saintanselm co-hosted by @NECouncil &amp, @nhiop. Live stream here People often ask me the secret to my success, and the answer is simple: passion, focus and hard work. Momentum keeps it all going.
Whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right." Henry Ford
WWII vs. Now! During the 3 1/2 years of World War II that sta"@brianerbland @realDonaldTrump is the best choice for NY, it's time for a real leader in NY again. #NYGOP" Thanks."
Movie producer Harvey Weinstein, who lost his company to Colony Capital, is against guns but makes movies w/ major gun violence--really!
"@ScotlandGolf1 Trump Int'l is one of the best golf courses I have ever played &amp, that is saying something" True, thx Fox &amp, Friends at 7.00
.@AndreBauer Great job and advice on @CNN @jaketapper Thank you!
To be really successful it is always good to have A COOL HEAD, WARM HEARising over Bay Street, @TrumpTO brings opulent luxury along with our famous world-class amenities to the Queen City Wow, just heard that that next Tuesday’s @saintanselm Politics &amp, Eggs is the largest crowd ever. Looking forward to making new friends.
To get momentum, you must first focus on a specific goal with passion and intensity.
Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason. Without instincts, you'll have a hard time getting to--and staying at--the top.
“Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.” - Michael Jordan
Senate concludes “Benghazi could have been prevented” Great aLightweight @AGSchneiderman is fighting with @NYGovCuomo –Cuomo wins that one easily. Schneiderman is a total loser.
Terrible story on front page of NYTimes about lightweight @AGSchneiderman Hope you enjoy the story in the highly respected Real Estate Weekly To be a winner, think like a winner. Practice positive thinking--with reality checks.
DepaI hope we never find life on another planet because if we do there's no doubt that the United States will sta@tedbishop38pga Thanks Ted, see you at the show!
I would like to thank a great writer and person, @JPappasPR., of REAL ESTATE WEEKLY, for the wonderful story on me. Very much appreciated!
“Winning takes talent, to repeat takes character.” - John Wooden
Where is the progress in the state of New York over the last three years? There is none--only backwards.
The Senate should immediately vote on the Iranian sanctions bill. What is the delay? Iran is already breaking its agreement with Obama
Gabriel Sherman’s book on Roger Ailes is filled with falsehoods and inaccuracies. Publisher should be ashamed (and sued).
A-Rod’s lawsuit trying to ove@NewYorkGOP The Ed Cox letter to Republicans, which is being so badly ridiculed by the press, should never have been written. WEAKNESS-SAD!
"@johnnyb23390: @realDonaldTrump - the only confidentiality agreement he signed was for his real biWatching Gates on @seanhannity - looks like he got hit by a truck! Why didn't Obama get him, and others,to sign a confidentiality agreement?
"@ApprenticeNBC: Sending warm wishes to our dear friend @hollyrpeete on her biThink positively. Zap negativity immediately. Focus on the solution, not the problem. Be persistent and aleFor great success, you need passion, but make sure it's well directed. Learn everything you can about what you're doing. Be an expe#1 for success: Find out what you love to do. Trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing...
Resilience is pa"@cmo626 long time admirer. Want to buy one of your books for a friend. Any suggestions?" The A"@CarolynGoltman It's my bi"@BobSmit98038199: @realDonaldTrump where can I get these ties ?" @Macys and Trump Tower."
Yankees should have dropped A-Rod long ago, not even bothered with arbitration. They would have saved a fo"@D_Cash_honey: @realDonaldTrump I get my inspiration for what I do everyday from you." So nice, thanks!"
Best speech in #GoldenGlobes history- Focus on your goals, not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear.
Understand that difficulties, mistakes &amp, setbacks are an inevitable paAnticipate change and embrace it. Recognize new developments that you can capitalize on and use to open new doors.
"@nsatte: @realDonaldTrump I'm a big fan. We just got a Trump mattress and it's great, like I knew your brand would be." From SeWill be doing Fox &amp, Friends in a few minutes - hope you enjoy!
After watching all about the horror story that is A-Rod, I realized again that it is time to let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame!
The Republican Pa"@gjcream: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for being a strait shooter. You are an inspiration to all of us young business owners." Thank you!"
I will be doing Fox &amp, Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be discussing all so"@IvankaTrump: .@GolfDigestMag predicts that @realDonaldTrump is Golf's greatest builder today. #BlueMonster #Aberdeen #FerryPoint"
Whether you like Obama or not, Bob Gates turned out to be one disloyal dude! Personally, I hate rats.
In politics, and sometimes in life, FRIENDS COME AND GO, BUT ENEMIES ACCUMULATE!
Now that the ObamaCare website contractor has been terminated for obvious incompetence, is the person who hired them going to be fired?
President Obama just fired the ObamaCare website builder. My question is, why were they hired in the first place? Sue them for damages!
The brand new Blue Monster just opened at Trump National Doral - Miami. Also, great new driving range which is open 'till midnight. GO SEE!
Focus on your goals, not your problems. Problems are a mind exercise--learn to play beyond your comfoBe tough, be sma"_xx_justme I still can't believe Donald Trump responded to my tweet. "Respect" #Trump2016 He would be the best Pres for this Country." Thx"
It’s Thursday. How many people have lost their healthcare today?
#TBT With Darrell Hammond when I hosted SNL. The Trump Organization continues to expand internationally at a record pace. Many new announcements to come soon.
One of the world's tallest buildings, @TrumpChicago is not only a 5 star hotel but has 5 star dining options Via @foxnewslatino: “Donald Trump Plans Huge Towers In Rio For Post-Olympic Building Boom” Thanks everybody for the Happy Bi“Offshore wind is a dead duck in Scotland and it’s time Alex Salmond manned up, stopped blaming Westminster (cont) The news about our beautiful Miss Venezuela, Monica Spear, is devastating to all who knew her. A spectacular woman, she will be missed.
We had a GREAT year @Macys with ties, shi"@JUrciuoli19: @realDonaldTrump With this cast u will have the #1 show on TV! Fans are excited! Can you confirm? Justin,thanks-will be great"
Tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the Apprentice, one of the biggest hits in television history. How time flies!
Why didn’t Gates resign if he was so unhappy about what he was being told by Obama? The fact is, Iraq etc. have always been disasters!
While I am a critic of President Obama, I hate it when someone (RobePlease, @21Club, go back to your original menu and preparation. Believe me, it was much better. Let me know when the change is made!
Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve, study the best people in your field,and then plan the best route for success.
Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net woAchievers move forward at all times. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass." - Think Big
Congratulations to @BretBaier on his five year anniversary as the anchor @SpecialRepoLooking forward to hosting the @FloridaGOP “House Majority 2014 Golf Tournament” at Trump Int'l West Palm Beach on Jan. 27th.
We are experiencing the coldest weather in more than two decades-most people never remember anything like this. GLOBAL WARMING anyone?
Have your own vision &amp, stick with it. Don't be afraid to be unique.Every day is an oppoEntrepreneurs: Set the example and you'll be a magnet for the right people. Great leaders determine the teams they assemble.
Sec of State Kerry said we would not go back to Iraq. We shouldn’t, but he should not have said that. So stupid!
Another one of my predictions just came true-- Iraq is a total disaster with government losing all control—so sad.
Via @TIMEPolitics by @zekejmiller: “Trump To Visit New Hampshire” Just hit a million on Facebook- "@Drake4444444 the only way to fix health care crisis is for you to run for Pres &amp, bring common sense back to govt" Thx."
Most of the world's great riders are at Mar-a-Lago today for the Trump Invitational, one of the most impo"@princebe: Antarctic ice shelf melt 'lowest EVER recorded, global warming is NOT eroding it' “The future is always beginning now.” - Mark Strand, former Poet Laureate
Record snowfall &amp, freezing temps throughout the country. Where is Global Warming when you need it?!
Welcome to the new ObamaCare reality – Doctor spent 2 hours on hold w/insurance company to get approval for surgery Try to develop a tempo when you're working--momentum is something you have to work at to maintain, &amp, is an impoA regular paI know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.--Henry David Thoreau
“Invincibility lies in the defence, the possibility of victory in the attack.” - Sun Tzu
Snowden should come back to America and face justice. Instead, he is begging for clemency from Moscow. Treat him as a spy.
It's Jan. 2. President Obama should end his vacation early &amp, get back to Washington to straighten out the ObamaCare catastrophe--or end it.
Thinking big is the driving force that has forged all the great achievements in modern life." - Think Big
Entrepreneurs are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present. Keep that in mind when looking for oppoThe only Forbes 5 Star &amp, 5 Diamond hotel with a 5 Star &amp, 5 Diamond restaurant @TrumpNewYork offers elite luxury "@HunterBalthazor: @realDonaldTrump if you ran for president you got my vote. Fix the country!" Thanks"
This very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit has got to stop. Our planet is freezing, record low temps,and our GW scientists are stuck in ice
Today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
I would like to wish everyone A HAPPY AND HEALTHY NEW YEAR. WE MUST ALL WORK TOGETHER TO, FINALLY, MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN AND GREAT AGAIN!
HAPPY BII would feel sorry for @JebBush and how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of $'s of hit ads on me
People ask, "why do you tweet and re-tweet to millions about @JebBush when he is so low in the polls?" Because of his big $ hit ads on me!
.@JebBush has spent $63,000,000 and is at the bottom of the polls. I have spent almost nothing and am at the top. WIN! @hughhewitt
"@BentleyfoA GREAT day in South Carolina. Record crowd and fantastic enthusiasm. This is now a movement to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I predict that dying @UnionLeader newspaper, which has been run into the ground by publisher "Stinky" Joe McQuaid, will be dead in 2 years!
I'm going to be live with @ericbolling and @kimguilfoyle to ring in the New Year 2016. Everybody should tune in to @foxnews tomorrow night!
I never thought I'd be saying this but I've really enjoyed @RichLowry on television lately, and he was terrific hosting @seanhannity
Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) is desperately trying to sell the @UnionLeader. It's a loser, and my comments haven't helped him much.
The dying @UnionLeader newspaper in NH is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out!
Iowa was fantastic last night, amazing crowd and people. I'm now in Florida, getting ready to go to South Carolina. Big crowd, very exciting
Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader wanted ads, lunches, donations, speeches from me, and tweets---very unethical.
The great people of New Hampshire, who I love, are not properly served by the dying Union Leader newspaper.
Shows how dumb Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader is to put out the letter I wrote saying why I didn't do his failed debate!
I hope @TGowdySC does better for Rubio than he did at the #Benghazi hearings, which were a total disaster for Republicans &amp, America!
Looking forward to being in Council Bluffs, Iowa, later today. Despite weather, rally is on -- will be fantastic! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
So, I have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in 1st place. Jeb Bush has spent $59 million &amp, done. Run country my way!
My campaign for president is $35,000,000 under budget, I have spent very little (and am in 1st place).Now I will spend big in Iowa/N.H./S.C.
.@jessebwatters is terrific at hosting on @FoxNews - he really gets it!
Remember that Bill Clinton was brought in to help Hillary against Obama in 2008. He was terrible, failed badly, and was called a racist!
Thank you to a #Trump2016 suppoStrange, but I see wacko Bernie Sanders allies coming over to me because I'm lowering taxes, while he will double &amp, triple them, a disaster!
Wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few, and people have lost faith in our leaders.We need smaMany of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone, shipped to other countries. We now are paThe middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no effective raise in years. BAD
If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
Hopefully the Republican National Committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in Virginia's Republican PaStraighten out The Republican Pa.@BernieSanders-who blew his campaign when he gave Hillary a pass on her e-mail crime, said that I feel wages in America are too high. Lie!
The voters the Republican PaR.P.Virginia has lost statewide 7 times in a row. Will now not allow desperately needed new voters. Suicidal mistake. RNC MUST ACT NOW!
It begins, Republican Pa"@CAC8438: He suppo"@mitchellvii: My prediction on the Trey Gowdy endorsement of Rubio is that it will do nothing for Rubio and finish Gowdy."
I will do far more for women than Hillary, and I will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!
Hillary Clinton has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign but HE'S DEMONSTRATED A PENCHANT FOR SEXISM, so inappropriate!
Criminal depoThe Phoenix V.A., it has just been repoThe same people that said I wouldn't run, or that I wouldn't lead or do well (1st place and leading by 21%), now say I won't beat Hillary.
.@chucktodd is so dishonest in his repo@CNN just announced that TRUMP was #1 story of 2015. Totally meaningless, however, if we don't WIN IT ALL and Make America Great Again!
"When will the Democrats, and Hillary in paOur great VETERANS are being treated very badly because of corruption and incompetence at the V.A. That will stop, I will fix this quickly!
Remember when failed candidate @JebBush said that illegals came across the border as AN ACT OF LOVE? He's spent $59 million and is at 3%.
We have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Does everyone see that the Democrats and President Obama are now, because of me, sta.@deedeesorvino was GREAT today on @FoxNews She gets what is going on in politics, and sees it very clearly. Have her on more!
Merry Christmas to all. Have a great day and have a really amazing year. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It will be done!
.@danielhalper Great job on @CNN today. Very wise indeed!
.@HallieJackson Why didn't you repo"@YesMrGilbeI am now in Palm Beach, Florida, and will be going to church tonight. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@meetthepress and @chucktodd very dishonest in not showing the new @CNN Poll where I am at 39%, 21points higher than Cruz. Be honest Chuck!
Why isn't @chucktodd using the much newer @CNN Poll when discussing how well I am doing instead of the older Q Poll? CNN even better!
Wow, because of the pressure put on by me, ICE TO LAUNCH LARGE SCALE DEPONext year will be an interesting one. I look forward to running against Hillary Clinton, a totally flawed candidate, and beating her soundly
Third rate repoWow, even lowly Rand Paul has just past @JebBush in the new @CNN Poll. Jeb is at 3%, I'm at 39%. Stop throwing your money down the drain!
In the ridiculous @JebBush ad about me, Jeb is speaking to me during the debate, but doesn't allow my answer, which destroys him - SO SAD!
Poor @JebBush spent $50 million on his campaign, I spent almost nothing. He's bottom (and gone), I'm top (by a lot). That's what U.S. needs!
Hillary said "I really deplore the tone and inflammatory rhetoric of his campaign." I deplore the death and destruction she caused-stupidity
Hillary, when you complain about "a penchant for sexism," who are you referring to. I have great respect for women. BE CAREFUL!
It is hard to believe I am winning by so much when I am treated so badly by the media. New @CNN Poll amazing in ALL categories. 21 pt. Lead
Why does @FoxNews give @KarlRove so much ai.@FoxNews treats me so badly. Using old Quinnipiac Poll where I have a much smaller lead than the just out @CNN Poll. All negative!
The @washingtonpost, which is the lobbyist (power) for not imposing taxes on #Amazon, today did a nasty caThe silent majority- is silent no more! Remember the impoThe Hillary Clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. Be careful Hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card.
Big news just out - NEW @CNN POLL TRUMP 39 and leads in every major category. Likeability way up. CRUZ 18 CARSON 10 RUBIO 10
We need a PRESIDENT with strength, stamina, heaIt is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong. Sad!
When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama, it meant got beaten badly. The media knows this. Often used word in politics!
Wow, new Reuters Poll just out. Big lead if you want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 37 CRUZ 11 This is at the top of Drudge!
For those on TV defending my use of the word "schlonged," bc #MSM is giving it false meaning-tell them it means beaten badly. Dishonest #MSM
NPR's @NealConan said "schlonged" to WaPo re: 1984 Mondale/Ferraro campaign: "That ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls." #Hypocrisy
Once again, #MSM is dishonest. "Schlonged" is not vulgar. When I said Hillary got "schlonged" that meant beaten badly.
Jeb's big ad buy against me, paid for by lobbyists, shows my face but doesn't have me answering Jeb's statements. He is really pathetic!
Watching @CNN and consider @secupp to be one of the least talented people on television. Boring and biased!
"@qbeacademy: Well I'm at 42% and your at 3% .You know Jeb you sta.@JebBush's opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terrible--fumbled around, incoherent.
Why doesn't @JebBush, in his ads, show my answer to his statement in the debate?
Will @JebBush, in his phony adve.@JebBush just took millions of $'s in special interest money to look like a tough guy. Will never work!
Weak and low energy @JebBush, whose campaign is a disaster, is now doing ads against me where he tries to look like a tough guy.
Do you think that Hillary Clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about "the video" of me being used by ISIS. There is no video.
Thanks @AndreaTantaros for all of your kind words and thoughts. Big progress is being made. Keep up the great work!
A suicide bomber has just killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan. When will our leaders get tough and sma"@DRUDGE_REPOIt's the Democrats' total weakness &amp, incompetence that gave rise to ISIS -- not a tape of Donald Trump that was an admitted Hillary lie!
Getting ready to go to the great State of Michigan. Big crowd tonight. Make America Great Again!
Just out: TRUMP GOP DEBATE - 18,000,000. CLINTON DEMOCRAT DEBATE - 6,700,000. And they were on major network vs. cable!
Hillary said with respect to ISIS, "we are finally where we need to be." Do we want 4 more years of incompetent leadership? MAGA!
I demand an apology from Hillary Clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. There never was a video.
Hillary said at debate ISIS is "going to people showing videos in order to recruit more radical jihadistst." She made up story-want apology!
Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it 6 months ago for a record price. This would never have happened!
.@JebBush today said he didn't want to be the front-runner, he would rather be where he is now, 2%. That is the talk of a loser, can't win!
.@MissUniverse final 3 on now. Great people, great new owner @IMG. WATCH.
My friend, @AriEmanuel of @IMG, bought the Miss Universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on #Fox! Tune in!
It was really strange when Hillary was missing from the podium last night. Not very presidential!
Hillary Clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no ISIS video of me. Therefore, Hillary LIED at the debate last night. SAD!
.@JebBush was terrible on Face The Nation today. Being at 2% and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence. A basket case!
Hillary Clinton lied when she said that "ISIS is using video of Donald Trump as a recruiting tool." This was fact checked by @FoxNews: FALSE
"@ofccadjust: @kellyz713 @tedb75 @TeresaC85469500 @MichaelCohen212 Right, same old political bullshit year after year, #WhyISuppo.@GStephanopoulos stupidly believes that Hillary wants to run against me because she said so. She says that so people believe it - opposite!
President Obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called Carbon footprint, and yet he flies all the way to Hawaii on a massive old 747.
Thank you for all of your suppoThe last thing our country needs is another BUSH! Dumb as a rock!
.@JebBush has embarrassed himself &amp, his family with his incompetent campaign for President. He should remain true to himself.
Weak &amp, ineffective @JebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False adveI have an idea for @JebBush whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name &amp, don’t be ashamed of it!
.@MelindaDC Don’t misrepresent in order to make a point. I was always tough on ISIS--as you’ll find out after I get elected.
Will be on @jimmykimmel in 20 minutes on @ABC. #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@GlennBeck got fired like a dog by #Fox. The Blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show. I said no - because he is irrelevant.
Will be on @jimmykimmel tonight at 11:35pmE on @ABC. #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Clear winner of the #GOPDebate. Thank you for your suppoHillary Clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength, no stamina.
Jeb Bush had a tough night at the debate. Now he'll probably take some of his special interest money, he is their puppet, and buy ad's.
Thank you for the nice words @ktmcfarland. The debate was interesting, and fun. Keep up the great work!
Will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Will be talking about the debate, and more!
Bill O'Reilly calls Trump and campaign brilliant. In first place by 27 points.
.@MarkHalperin works so hard but just doesn't have a natural instinct for politics. Others do, and those are the people you want to follow!
Thank you @davidaxelrod for your nice words this morning on @CNN. It was a good night!
Thank you, so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. All polls agree. It was fun and interesting!
Thank you, @FrankLuntz - for saying I was a winner tonight. It is my great honor. #Trump2016
Depa"@ConradMBlack: Many thanks Donald, and all good wishes in helping to clean up the American government. Honored to be your friend. C."
Highly respected PUBLIC POLICY POLLING (PPP) just announced that I am number one in IOWA. Thank you!
. #JoeTheismann was great as a political analyst on @FoxNews. He knows far more than football. Thanks for the nice words Joe!
I won every debate so far according to all debate polls including @DRUDGE_REPOBetween Iraq war monger @krauthammer, dummy @KarlRove, deadpan @GeorgezWill, highly overrated @megynkelly, among others, @FoxNews not fair!
I am in Trump International Hotel, Las Vegas, getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight. Look forward - hope I get treated fairly!
I wonder if @megynkelly and her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight. No matter how well I do - bad!
.@megynkelly is very bad at math. She was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and Cruz in the new Monmouth Poll 41to14.
.@megynkelly, the most overrated anchor at @FoxNews, worked hard to explain away the new Monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead. She said 15!
Why isn't anyone using the @CNN Iowa Poll with me having a big lead. They only want to use the one negative poll (2nd place).Dishonest press
Isn't it amazing that @CNN paid a foWow, I just had two very good Iowa polls and a phenomenal just out National Poll from @ABC @washingtonpost - 38%. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you for your suppo"@piersmorgan: Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton would be the greatest presidential battle in history."
What an evening in Las Vegas, Nevada! THANK YOU for your continued suppo@oreillyfactor, horrible defense of me against highly overrated @krauthammer. I will bring more people into the paWhy doesn't @CNN use the #CNN Iowa poll? @andersoncooper @andydean2014
Thank you @CarlHigbie. Great work on @CNN. #Trump2016
Thank you @hardball_chris for your nice words. They are very much appreciated. I fully understand that you really get it.
Can't believe Major League Baseball just rejected @PeteRose_14 for the Hall of Fame. He's paid the price. So ridiculous - let him in!
.@scottienhughes - you were fantastic on CNN. Thank you for the nice words. See you at the #GOPDebate.
.@PatrickBuchanan was great on @TeamCavuto @FoxNews. Thank you Pat! #Tump2016
Another great accolade for @TrumpGolf. Highly respected Golf Odyssey- awarded @TrumpDoral Blue Monster with best redesign. Thank you!
Why doesn't @FoxNews quote the new Iowa @CNN Poll where I have a 33% to 20% lead over Ted Cruz and all others. Think about it!
People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!
I was disappointed that Ted Cruz would speak behind my back, get caught, and then deny it. Well, welcome to the wonderful world of politics!
I did interview with Chris Wallace of @FoxNews in order to be fair. He then puts on Rove, Lane and Will, three Trump bashers, to discuss.
Many think that the Championship Course at Turnberry, home of The Duel In The Sun, will be the worlds best after the renovation.
A very good NBC/Wall Street Journal Poll was just released wherein I went up from last month and am in the lead. Nice!
"@BernieSanders: ABC News spent 81 minutes on Donald Trump and only 20 seconds on our campaign. That's because @ABC is sma.@danawhite Great job last night - very exciting! You have come a long way from those difficult early days, I am proud of you.
People that have read it tell me that @KarlRove book is terrible (and boring). Save your money! @FoxNews should can him, no credibility!
Is that all there is? We need a new President - FAST!
Chris Wallace @fox at 10:00 A.M.
.@CNN @jaketapper at 9:00 A.M.
.@Peggynoonannyc An election between Hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in U.S. history. Just like the debates 24 M vs 2M.
.@Peggynoonannyc Interesting a"@Michael2014abc: @Alwaleed_Talal @realDonaldTrump Has your country, Saudi Arabia, taken ANY of the Syrian refugees? If not, why not?"
Something must be done with dopey @KarlRove - he is pushing Republicans down the same old path of defeat. Don't fall for it, Karl is a loser
I will be interviewed on @jaketapper @CNN at 9:00 A.M. and Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:O0 A.M. CNN Iowa Poll -13 point lead!
New CNN Iowa poll --- Trump 33, Cruz 20. Everyone else way down! Don't trust Des Moines Register poll- biased towards Trump!
Getting the suppo.@Franklin_Graham, so many people have tweeted about your amazing words to me, thank you! Heading to big crowd in South Carolina!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
.@loudobbsnews did a fantastic interview with syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin. Congrats to both!
Just got back from Iowa, great people!
I had a great time in Des Moines, Iowa tonight! Thank you for all of the suppo.@MonicaCrowley you were great with @SeanHannity on @FoxNews tonight. Thank you for your kind words. We will keep Americans safe.
Dopey Prince @Alwaleed_Talal wants to control our U.S. politicians with daddy’s money. Can’t do it when I get elected. #Trump2016
Thank you @SeanHannity &amp, @BoDiet! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Tom Ridge is a failed 'Bushy' &amp, PA Governor. Him &amp, his friend @KarlRove shouldn't be allowed to do their bias commentary- nobody listens!
Tom Ridge should be focused on trying to bring the paNever get good #'s from failing Des Moines Register/Bloomberg. I think something's going on w/them. Up 13 in IA according to respected CNN.
Our spectacular ballroom under construction at the great Turnberry reso.@chucktodd is a nice guy , but just hopeless. He knows so little about politics and, in pa.@Morning_Joe just went off the rails. I will beat Hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. I am tuning them out, waste of time
.@tedcruz should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses, he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way!
Looks like @tedcruz is getting ready to attack. I am leading by so much he must. I hope so, he will fall like all others. Will be easy!
.@Morning_Joe is so off on Iowa, which I am leading big in new @CNN poll. I will win Iowa. Also, I beat Hillary easily!
Great evening last night in New Hampshire. Got the endorsement from the New England Police Union - big territory, great people! Thank you.
.@BernardGoldberg was not good tonight on @oreillyfactor. He just doesn't know about winning! But he is a nice guy.
Respected Morning Consult poll just out. I lead all Republicans and beat Hillary head to head by a wide margin- 45 to 40!
Thank you to @Franklin_Graham. I have always appreciated your courage, but now more so than ever!
Establishment flunky @KarlRove is going crazy with the just released CBS poll that has me way ahead. New Fox poll has me beating Hillary.
Dummy @KarlRove continues to make and write false statements. He still thinks Romney won--he should get a life!
The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive Muslim problem. Everybody is wise to what is happening, very sad! Be honest.
I have decided to postpone my trip to Israel and to schedule my meeting with @Netanyahu at a later date after I become President of the U.S.
Our VISA system is broken, like so much else in our country. We better get it fixed really fast. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:30. So much to talk about!
Wow, my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof!
.@Megynkelly spent a big pa"@jimparkey: @realDonaldTrump @donlemon @CNN great interview! Speaking calmly but carrying a heavy stick!" Thank you!"
Weak and totally conflicted people like @TheRickWilson shouldn't be allowed on television unless given an I.Q. test. Dumb as a rock! @CNN
"@QuinnLisaq: @CNN @donlemon . The people do not care what politician said about Trump . We still suppoGreat interview tonight @donlemon - very professionally done. @CNN
Thank you @oreillyfactor for your wonderful editorial as to why I should have been @TIME Magazine's Person of the Year. You should run Time!
Great leaders listen to and suppoWhy does @CNN bore their audience with people like @secupp, a totally biased loser who doesn't have a clue. I hear she will soon be gone!
.@secupp, who can't believe that her candidate has bombed so badly, is one of the dumber pundits on T.V. Hard to watch, zero talent! @CNN
Thank you for all of your suppoI am interviewed on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Then at 10:00, I am interviewed by @donlemon on @CNN. Enjoy!
.@Mayor_Nutter of Philadelphia, who is doing a terrible job, should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to me.Low life!
"RupeI told you @TIME Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany
Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STAMINA to be President. We need strong and super smaThe last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. I'll end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump!
The failing @nytimes does not mention the new @CNN Poll that has me leading Iowa by a massive 13 points - I am at 33%. Maggie Haberman, sad!
Wow, what a day. So many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous danger and unceOur country is facing a major threat from radical Islamic terrorism. We better get very smaDespite my great respect for King Abdullah II, I will not be visiting Jordan at this time. This is in response to the false @AP repoPrior to the end of the year, I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it.
Will be on @ABC News tonight at 6:30. Interviewed by the legendary @BarbaraJWalters! Enjoy
The legendary @BarbaraJWalters will be asking me questions about the Presidential campaign on @WNTonight at 6:30 PM.
A very big poll is coming out at 6 PM in New Hampshire. Will be very interested in the results.
Via @DrudgeRepoI wish the @WSJ Wall Street Journal had repo"Just won IOWA @CNN Poll BIG: Trump 33% Cruz 20% Rubio 11%, but @WSJ repoThank you for the suppo"@XGNRaging: @realDonaldTrump I hope you become president!"
Just released @CNN Poll gives me a big 13 point lead in Iowa. Change your false story failing @nytimes. Thank you Iowa!
The main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights -- I believe #ISIS needs to surrender!
I am especially grateful for the tremendous suppoI am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end, I believe the final results will be even better than that!
.@washingtonpost is going out of its way to tell failing candidates how to beat Donald Trump.The Post doesn’t get that I’m good at winning!
If @amazon ever had to pay fair taxes, its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The @washingtonpost scam is saving it!
The @washingtonpost loses money (a deduction) and gives owner @JeffBezos power to screw public on low taxation of @Amazon! Big tax shelter
The @washingtonpost, which loses a foN.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the di"I spoke with other candidates to a Jewish group, many friends, in D.C. I said "I'm a negotiator like you" Got standing O-rated best of day!"
Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our spoThank you Graham Ledger of the Daily Ledger @OANN for your really fair coverage and your great interview with Peter Roff of U.S. NEWS &amp, W.R.
Well, Obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at WAR with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS.
Should have gone after the oil years ago (like I have been saying).
Wish Obama would say ISIS, like almost everyone else, rather than ISIL.
Hope he won't spend too much time ripping apaThe podium in the Oval Office looks odd! Not good, but the words will be the key.
Hillary won't call out radical Islam! She will be soundly defeated.
I will be re-tweeting some of your better, most imaginative and hopefully insightful tweets. Make them good (great)! ImpoBIG NIGHT ON TWITTER TONIGHT. I WILL BE LIVE TWEETING PRESIDENT OBAMA'S SPEECH AT 7:50 P.M. ( EASTERN). MUST TALK RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM!
Gee, @meetthepress with @chucktodd was getting terrible ratings then, with me, he set records - I saved his job, but Chuck still not nice!
Wow, @GeorgeWill said some very nice things about me today on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace. I am making progress, thanks George!
I will be live-tweeting President Obama's prime-time speech tonight sta"@Trumpismyhero: @realDonaldTrump only President Donald J Trump can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
.@BrookslawBrooks Thank you so much for your nice words. I will make you look very sma"@BrianBl43802294 @JohnKasich Trump is not controlled by donors,special interests,Lobbyists like U.Ur a total puppet.Trump is working 4 U.S."
So, how did I do on Face The Nation?
Watch Face The Nation - will be on now!
Hillary just said that she will not use the term "radical Islamic" - but was incapable of saying why. She is afraid of Obama &amp, the e-mails!
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation @CBSNews at 10:30 A.M. Should be interesting - ENJOY!
Was going to do a phoner this morning with @jaketapper on @CNN but they could not get their phone equipment to hook in. Will do next week.
Wonder if Obama will ever say RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST?
Raleigh, No"@AmericanAsPie: @DiamondandSilk you were awesome at the @realDonaldTrump rally. It was exciting to see you." Two truly fantastic women!"
.@JRubinBlogger one of the dumber bloggers @washingtonpost only writes purposely inaccurate pieces on me. She is in love with Marco Rubio?
The vi.@CNN &amp, @CNNPolitics Please thank Alisyn Camerota, David Chalian and John King for the very professional repo.@CNN Poll just came out, amazing numbers for those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 36%, a 20 point lead over 2nd place. Thanks.
.@MarkHalperin I totaly won the RJC meeting yesterday. Know many members who said "not even close." Only FULL standing O. But don't want $'s
Great to see the construction of the Old Post Office on Penn Ave. Going fast - under budget, ahead of schedule!
Why can't @Politico get better repoLoved being in Manassas, VA last night. Such incredible spirit! Now in DC for a speech, will then visit Old Post Office under construction.
I consider my health, stamina and strength one of my greatest assets.The world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes!
"@Co: CBS repo"@iliveamongyou: @chucktodd APOLOGIZE HYPOCRITE Jersey City 9/11 Celebration RepoCongratulations on the GREAT job done by POLICE and law enforcement on the California shootings. Give credit where credit is due.
Heading to Manassas, Virginia, for a rally. Will have a moment of silence for the victims of the California shootings. So sad!
#TeamTrump. Police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the California shooters and are in a shootout with the others. Go police
California shooting looks very bad. Good luck to law enforcement and God bless. This is when our police are so appreciated!
Thank you CBS &amp, Breitba"@MichaelCohen212: .@realDonaldTrump @OANN no one is even close to #Trump"
I beat Hillary in the new @FoxNews Poll head to head. SHE HAS NO STRENGTH OR STAMINA, both of which are needed to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I WILL BE ON @foxandfriends AT 7:30 -NOW!
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Another packed venue! Will be fun.
You would think a paper like the Washington Post would be fair and objective. For the record, almost all polls showed I won all debates.
Highly untalented Wash Post blogger, Jennifer Rubin, a real dummy, never writes fairly about me. Why does Wash Post have low IQ people?
Jamiel Shaw was incredible on @foxandfriends this morning. His son, who was viciously killed by an illegal immigrant, is so proud of pop!
I want to thank all my friends in Macon for the special evening and great reception. What a crowd of incredible people!
A great night in Macon, Georgia! Thank you for all of the suppoOrder signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp, have oppoMeeting with African American Pastors at Trump Tower was amazing. Wonderful news conference followed. Now off to Georgia for big speech!
The Republican establishment, out of self preservation, is concerned w/ my high poll #'s. More concerned are Dems—I beat Hillary heads up!
How is Chris Christie running the state of NJ, which is deeply troubled, when he is spending all of his time in NH? New Jerseyans not happy!
Wow, the MSM is really going after me. 12,000 in Sarasota, a love fest, hardly a mention. Only one negativity - they only want negatives!
When will @CNN get some real political talent rather than political commentators like Errol Louis, who doesn't have a clue! Others bad also.
After my meeting with the pastors, it's off to Georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there, a beautiful movement!
Will be meeting on Monday at Trump Tower with a large group of African American Pastors. Many I know-wonderful people! Not a press event.
Just watched Cookie Robe"@thatx209xguy: @realDonaldTrump @DailyCaller Trump is our last hope to make America great again. #Trump2016" So true!"
I will be on @meetthepress in an interview with @chucktodd on Sunday morning. So much to talk about!
"@A"@JacoH: @CNN @realDonaldTrump I can't believe how low CNN can go. Obviously a bunch of Killary fans." @CNN only says negative-bad repoThe Sarasota, Florida, rally today was amazing. 12,000 people chanting their love for our country. It's going to happen, this is a MOVEMENT!
.@CNN Kayleigh McEnany was great on you network today. You should have her on more often! Thank you Kayleigh for your nice words.
ViThe repoI will be going to Sarasota, Florida, today for a big rally with amazing people! I have one goal on mind: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The failing @nytimes should focus on fair and balanced repoI do not know the repoGreat new poll numbers! Thank you for your suppo"@PrisonPlanet: .@realDonaldTrump gets it. Never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended media."
Happy Thanksgiving to all. Have a great day and look forward to the future. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The numbers at the @nytimes are so dismal, especially adveSo, since the people at the @nytimes have made all bad decisions over the last decade, why do people care what they write. Incompetent!
The dopes at the @nytimes bought the Boston Globe for $1.3 billion and sold it for $1.00. Their great old headquaThe @nytimes is so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control. With unfunded liabilities-big trouble!
The failing @nytimes should be focused on good repo"@Keeping__Real: So good to see the @realDonaldTrump family out with him on the campaign trail! It really shows the family man that he is!"
Thank you for your continued suppo@KarlRove just totally bombed on @Morning_Joe. @FoxNews has him on even though he has lost all credibility - a loser! Fox should dump Rove.
South Carolina was so great last night. Will be back soon!
Why would @greta use @KarlRove as an election analyst when he has made so many mistakes. He still thinks Romney won. An establishment dope!
"@idawhannadoyou: @realDonaldTrump @OANN Love it. Wish I could get @OANN I hear good things about them such as objective unbiased repoMyA wonderful evening in South Carolina - big crowd, amazing energy!
Thank you for your nice words @MikeNeedham @Heritage for the nice words on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace. #FNS #Trump2016
What is Frank VanderSloot getting for agreeing to back Marco Rubio? Last victim was Mitt Romney - see how that turned out.
Will be doing @seanhannity at 10 PM on @FoxNews. As always with Sean, will be interesting!
Heading to MyRepublicans must stop relying on losers like @KarlRove if they want to sta"@Good2bqueen67: .@realDonaldTrump @Sandikay60 I enjoyed the speech so much tonight, you were on point 👆 Sir!" Thanks."
Just left Columbus rally of 14,000 people --- a far bigger crowd than even I expected! Unbelievable evening, incredible spirit in the arena!
Heading for Ohio - really big crowd of amazing people! Much to talk about!
Going to Ohio, home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--Kasich. Can't debate, loves #ObamaCare--dummy!
When you do your Christmas shopping remember how disloyal @Macys was to the subject of illegal immigration. #BoycottMacys #DumpMacys
Going to Columbus, Ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands. The silent majority is no longer silent!
.@AP has one of the worst repo.@AP continues to do extremely dishonest repo.@MatthewJDowd thank you for the nice comments recently, especially on @BarbaraJWalters. My family &amp, I greatly appreciate your kind words.
Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration, among many other things. She is strong on corruption - corruption is what she's best at!
"@ktd101551: @CNNPolitics Trump gave a great speech in Ala. What's more impoWill be interviewed on @NewDay on @CNN at 7:15 A.M.
We better get tough with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS, and get tough now, or the life and safety of our wonderful country will be in jeopardy!
13 Syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the U.S. through the Southern Border. How many made it? WE NEED THE WALL!
Great poll numbers all over and beating Hillary Clinton one on one. Thank you!
Big new @ABC Poll to be announced at 9:00 A.M. on This Week with @GStephanopoulos. I will be interviewed on show!
.@GStephanopoulos just announced that I am leading BIG in the new @ABC Poll which will be shown on This Week at 9:00 A.M. I will be on show
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M.
I find that @Reuters is a far more professional operation than @AP.
.@heytana, great job - we are all proud of you!
It's too bad so few people showed up to @bobvanderplaats Family Leader dinner. Next year I'll try &amp, be there- and they'll have a huge crowd!
Thank you John Nolte for wonderful analysis &amp, repoRumor has it - Pataki, Kasich, &amp, Senator Lindsey Graham are dropping out of the race very soon. Hope it's not true, they're so easy to beat!
So nice when media properly polices media. Thank you @BreitbaA woman who got fired after two days of working with Scott Walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me.
Will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. Big wins last night!
Heading to Birmingham, Alabama, and a massive crowd of incredible people! 12 noon - will be wild.
To show you how politicians act, Bobby Jindal spent $1,000 to register in New Hampshire &amp, dropped out the next day. Such a waste!
We're stuck with the worst mayor in the United States. Too bad, but New York City will survive!
People are really liking my new book, "Crippled America." Check it out!
"@mia_liner: @GSRPygmies @realDonaldTrump Trump suppoLooking forward to watching the legendary @BarbaraJWalters interview my family (and me) tonight on @ABC at 10:00. Many things to talk about!
.@washingtonpost @BretBaier Please thank Charles Lane for his new found confidence. He has made a very good bet!
.@Gracematters Thank you, a very wise bet! Best wishes.
Just got back from South Carolina. Going to Alabama tomorrow!
.@HillaryClinton is weak on illegal immigration &amp, totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be #POTUS!
.@BilldeBlasio should focus on running #NYC &amp, all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude, &amp, not be so focused on me!
Can you believe the worst Mayor in the U.S., &amp, probably the worst Mayor in the history of #NYC, @BilldeBlasio, just called me a blow hard!
.@mkhammer, a Fox contributor, isn't smaGoing to South Carolina now, great place, SRO crowd. Iowa was amazing yesterday!
The media must denigrate ISIS at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. These are low level degenerates, NOT masterminds!
The media must immediately stop calling ISIS leaders "MASTERMINDS." Call them instead thugs and losers. Young people must not go into ISIS!
A wonderful afternoon in Iowa! Great people! Heading now to Florida - tomorrow, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
John Kasich was managing director of Lehman Brothers when it crashed, bringing down the world and ruining people's lives. A total failure!
Once John Kasich announced he was running for president, and opened his mouth, people realized he was a complete &amp, total dud!
John Kasich fell right into President Obama’s trap on ObamaCare, and the people of Ohio are suffering for it. Shame!
Doesn’t help Kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else - he’s almost last.
I loved beating John Kasich in the debates, but it was easy—he came in dead last!
Kasich has already spent $6 million on ads in New Hampshire and his numbers have gone down. People from NH are smaWatch Kasich squirm --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads I will sue him just for fun!
I want to do negative ads on John Kasich, but he is so irrelevant to the race that I don’t want to waste my money.
John Kasich, despite being Governor of Ohio, is losing to me in the Ohio polls. Pathetic!
John Kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image, not negative ads on me.
Governor Kasich, whose failed campaign &amp, debating skills have brought him way down in the polls, is going to spend $2.5 million against me.
The legendary Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a special this Friday night at 10:00 on ABC. Don't miss it!
Thank you for your suppoThe POLICE in Paris did a fantastic job. Very brave - not easy!
Everyone is now saying how right I was with illegal immigration &amp, the wall. After Paris, they’re all on the bandwagon.
Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG &amp, BEAUTIFUL WALL!
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 on @FoxNews . Much, much, much to talk about!
Melania and I just had interview with the legendary @BarbaraJWalters. Watch #abc2020 this Friday. Tonight we talk ISIS @WNTonight
.@AP is doing very badly. I can say from experience their repoOne of the saddest things in journalism is what happened to the formerly great @AP. They have lost their way and are no longer credible.
Refugees from Syria are now pouring into our great country. Who knows who they are - some could be ISIS. Is our president insane?
I, along with almost everyone else, have so little confidence in President Obama. He has a horrible attitude-a man who is resigned to defeat
So many great polls like Reuters - big leads everywhere. New Hampshire really special! We will win big and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just received a copy of @SarahPalinUSA new book -- a great read! Sarah is a terrific person.
Just landing in Knoxville, Tennessee! Massive crowd expected! Will all have a great time, despite serious subject matter.
Will be landing in Knoxville, Tennessee shoRepublicans must stop listening to dopes like @KarlRove who still insists Mitt Romney won the last election. Think big &amp, think strong!
Wow, @Macys shares are down more than 40% this year. I never knew my ties &amp, shiInteresting aRemember, I was the one who said attack the oil (ISIS source of wealth) a long time ago. Everyone scoffed, now they're attacking the oil.
Tom Brady just did it again. He is not only a great guy, he is, without question, the BEST quaPresident Obama just told President Putin how impo.@JohnLegere @TMobile John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers.
Glad to see that @RondaRousey lost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person!
I have watched sloppy Graydon Ca.@VanityFair Magazine is doing really poorly. It has gotten worse and worse over the years, and has lost almost all of it's former allure!
We need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I had a great time in Texas yesterday. A tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people. Will be back soon!
When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? He can't say it, and unless he will, the problem will not be solved!
I think everyone will like my new and very successful book, Crippled America. Go get it and let me know what you think!
Wow, Bernie Sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10% (it is actually over 20%) and for African American youth - 51%.
Hillary and Sanders are not doing well, but what is the failed former Mayor of Baltimore doing on that stage? O'Malley is a clown.
Why won't President Obama use the term Islamic Terrorism? Isn't it now, after all of this time and so much death, about time!
We need much tougher, much sma"President Obama said "ISIL continues to shrink" in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in Paris. He is just so bad! CHANGE."
My prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible Paris attacks. May God be with you all.
Boy is this guy @ShepNewsTeam tough on me. So totally biased. As a repoThey laughed at me when I said to bomb the ISIS controlled oil fields. Now they are not laughing and doing what I said. #Trump2016
Thank you @JakeTapper for giving me credit for my vision on bombing the oil fields. Should have been done long ago. #Trump2016
.@seanhannity Carly, whose campaign is dead, is making false statements about me in order to salvage hope! Sad.
.@CarlyFiorina had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning Ben Carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign!
.@CarlyFiorina I only said I was on @60Minutes four weeks ago with Putin—never said I was in Green Room. Separate pieces—great ratings!
.@CarlyFiorina Ben Carson said in his own book that he has a pathological temper &amp, pathological disease. I didn’t say it, he did. Apology?
.@CarlyFiorina Carly—I did graduate from Wha.@CarlyFiorina Carly, not just you, I also told Gov. Kasich to “let Jeb talk, give him a chance” because Kasich was constantly cutting in.
Thank you Iowa! I appreciate all of your suppoFirst candidate in Virginia with over 16,000 validated signatures for the ballot. An honor - thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I will be on @OutFrontCNN with @ErinBurnett at 7PM. Tune in!#Trump2016
I will be on with @BretBaier tonight at 6PM. #Trump2016
From 2% to 27% in Texas - quite a jump into first place!
Wow, pres. candidate Ben Carson, who is very weak on illegal Immigration, just said he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship.
Why does the failing @WSJ write a false editorial about me and let dummy @KarlRove make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper?
.@KarlRove is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re China and TPP. This moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost 100%
We, as a country, either have borders or we don't. IF WE DON'T HAVE BORDERS, WE DON'T HAVE A COUNTRY!
Why wouldn't the @WSJ call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong. No wonder it is doing poorly!
"When and how are the dummies at the @WSJ going to apologize to me for their totally incorrect Editorial on me. I want "smaThe @WSJ Editorial Board is so wrong, so often. They got info from an incorrect story in another pub. Why not watch and listen to debate.
.@WSJ Editorial Board should review my debate statement re China and T.P.P. and apologize. China not paToday's @WSJ Editorial is WRONG again. I know that China is not in the new T.P.P. trade deal but would come in latter through a back door.
I will be interviewed on @MariaBa"All seven on-line polls, including Drudge and Time, with thousands of respondents, said I won the debate. @krauthammer said I was "so, so."
Will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM.
I will be on @marklevinshow at 8PM tonight. Tune in!
.@gerardtbaker Gerard—wonderful job last night as moderator of the debate. I told many, “really smaI never said that China was in the bad TPP trade deal but that China would come in the back door at a later date. @CNN @FoxBusiness
Just returned home from the great state of New Hampshire. Have made so many friends there--special place!
Happy Veterans Day. To those who have served, thank you for your special work.
Loved doing the debate...won Drudge and all on-line polls! Amazing evening, moderators did an outstanding job.
Will be on @Morning_Joe live from New Hampshire - 7:00 A.M. Talking about the debate and more!
I will be on @Morning_Joe live from New Hampshire tomorrow at 7am. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Go out and buy CRIPPLED AMERICA: How to Make America Great Again. Doing really well. Great Thanksgiving or Christmas present!
I will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. There is much to talk about!
Thank you to @NYPost's RobeMarco Rubio is totally weak on illegal immigration &amp, in favor of easy amnesty. A lightweight choker - bad for #USA!
Marco Rubio couldn't even respond properly to President Obama's State of the Union Speech without pouring sweat &amp, chugging water. He choked!
Marco Rubio is a total lightweight who I wouldn’t hire to run one of my smaller companies - a highly overrated politician!
A great evening in Springfield, Illinois. Thank you for all of the suppoGreat job on @Greta @DonaldJTrumpJr. Nobody could have done it better!
Thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live. Best ratings in 4 years!
.@EricShawnonFox Highest rated Saturday Night Live in four years. 47% higher than their opening night with Hillary &amp, Miley Cyrus. Nice words
Television ratings for @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. Very few protesters!
At 10:30 I will be interviewed on both @meetthepress by @chucktodd and @CBSNews Face The Nation by John Dickerson. This after long evening!
I will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @ABC at 10:00 A.M.
.@CNN Will be interviewed by Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. Enjoy.
.@nbcsnl - So much fun last night!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M.
Amazing evening at Saturday Night Live!
I am at the Saturday Night Live Studio - electricity all over the place. We will be doing a "tweeting" skit, so stay tuned!
They are saying that tickets to tonight's Saturday Night Live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! Off to a good sta"@HouseCracka: Donald Trump is going to win the Presidency. Get on board the #TrumpTrain its going to be #YUGE" Thanks."
"@SocialInNewYork: We uneaSaturday Night Live has some incredible things in store tonight. The great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! Enjoy
.@Robe"@essygalloway: @realDonaldTrump @nbcsnl @Sia I can't wait to watch snl tomorrow." A really big show!"
One of the dumbest political pundits on television is Chris Stirewalt of @FoxNews. Wrong facts - check Fox debate rankings, Trump #1. Dope!
Would be nice if @jma@BillKristol has become a sad case. His magazine is failing badly, probably doesn't have long to go, and his predictions are always wrong!
So sad that Obama rejected Keystone Pipeline. Thousands of jobs, good for the environment, no downside!
"@JimmyFo.@AJDelgado13 Thank you so much for the nice words and suppoI think it would be a good idea—and fair—to include @GovChristie &amp, @MikeHuckabeeGOP in the debate. Both solid &amp, good guys. @FoxBusiness
Carson now admits his friend named "Bob," who he tried to stab (Bob was saved by his belt buckle!), no longer exists as Bob. Wrong name!
With Ben Carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer, stab a friend and Pyramids built for grain storage - don't people get it?
"Such bad repoFlorida Ethics Commission Advocate comes down hard on Rubio. So do two people who worked with him. Said he used the wrong credit card! Sure.
Whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- Henry Ford
A great honor to easily finish FIRST in the @FoxNews poll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner!
The Carson story is either a total fabrication or, if true, even worse-trying to hit mother over the head with a hammer or stabbing friend!
Thank you @rushlimbaugh for your wonderful words. We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Jeb Bush just said about Marco Rubio, "he's my friend!" Pure political speak. Why can't he be truthful and say "disloyal guy, no friend!
Also, tune in to the @TodayShow at 7:00am. I will be on to discuss the campaign, my new ads and #CrippledAmerica.
I will unveil my first campaign ads on @Morning_Joe at 6:30am tomorrow. Enjoy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Wow! @FoxNews poll just came out. #1 with 26%! Almost as impoJust landed in New Hampshire - a very exciting morning planned!
Isn't it terrible that @megynkelly used a poll not used before (I.B.D.) when I was down, but refuses to use it now when I am up?
I will be on @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE talking about my new book #CrippledAmerica and much more! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Marco Rubio would keep Barack Obama’s executive order on amnesty intact. See a"@LookerCherry: @realDonaldTrump The polls are for the news cycle. Trump is miles ahead and leaving all others in the dust, "don't doubt me"
.@CharlesGKoch is looking for a new puppet after Governor Walker and Jeb Bush cratered. He now likes Rubio--next fail.
Join me today, Nov 3rd, in #TrumpTowerNYC at noon. I'll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
I will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. and @foxandfriends at 7:50. Talking about my new book, out today, Crippled America.
Join me tomorrow, Nov. 3rd, at 12pm in #TrumpTowerNY. I’ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don’t miss it!
.@Morning_Joe: Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll, even crazy @CNBC. Marco good looking?
Sirius National News at 7:30 A.M. Steve Bannon. @Breitba"@LandmanMarius: @realDonaldTrump @robmont777 @StrengthenTheUS @GOP WE ACCEPT THE BEST. We want Trump!"
Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history, they have just moved to block any impo"@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump 9 years from now we will thank President Trump for making us great again!" Thank you!"
Thank you @JoeTrippi for the nice, and true, words on #Media Buzz with terrific Howie KuWhile in politics it is often smaJoin me Tuesday Nov. 3rd at 12 PM in #TrumpTower in NYC. I'll be signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
If Jeb Bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with Marco in the debate. BAD facts for Marco if properly delivered!
Marco Rubio will not win. Weak on illegal immigration, strong on amnesty and has the appearance to killers of the world as a "lightweight".
Happy BiI told you in speeches months ago that Jeb and Marco do not like each other. Marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to Jeb as his mentor!
Jeb's new slogan - "Jeb can fix it". I never thought of Jeb as a crook! Stupid message, the word "fix" is not a good one to use in politics!
Fu"@BellicWolf: @and_is_w Anyway, for me the most original costume was Donald Trump like President!!!!"
Gov. John Kasich has really failed on the campaign trail. I thought he would have been far more talented. He is just wasting time &amp, money!
.@thehill John Oliver had his people call to ask me to be on his very boring and low rated show. I said "NO THANKS" Waste of time &amp, energy!
No complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if I wasn't in them? Interesting question!
Thank you James Freeman of the @WSJ for the very nice words. All polls said I won the debate except NBC (3rd). Explain to Daniel Henninger!
.@ColinCowherd said such nice things about me during the debate that I thought I'd do his show, @TheHerd, on Monday (2:30pm EST).
The @WSJ Wall Street Journal loves to write badly about me. They better be careful or I will unleash big time on them. Look forward to it!
Lifting off right now for U.S.S. Wisconsin in Norfolk. See ya'
I told you so-@politico just lost it's top person. Poor results and no money to pay him. If they were legit, they would be doing far better!
I am leaving for Norfolk, Virginia - the great battleship U.S.S. Wisconsin - for a big rally and really big crowd. See you soon!
I see Marco Rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his Superpac, which are total scams. Marco must address him as "SIR"!
The new NBC POLL has me in first place but said I was third in the debate - I demand a recount (just kidding!). EVERY other poll had me #1.
Black Lives Matter protesters totally disrupt Hillary Clinton event. She looked lost. This is not what we need with ISIS, CHINA, RUSSIA etc.
I am going to save Medicare and Medicaid, Carson wants to abolish, and failing candidate Gov. John Kasich doesn't have a clue - weak!
When candidate John Kasich, on the @oreillyfactor, talked about dismantling Medicare and Medicaid, he was referring to Ben Carson.
.@GovMikeHuckabee Great job on @FoxNews tonight. Thanks for your nice words about my children. Class!
Super PACs should be disavowed by anyone running for President. They are a total scam on our system and country! I am self-funding.
Thank you @Morning_Joe for explaining to @CNN and @andersoncooper and so many others that I am leading in almost all national &amp, state polls.
Thank you @CharlesHuLoved doing the debate last night on @CNBC. Check out all of the polls! Everyone agrees that Harwood bombed!
Wow, just heard really bad stuff about the failing @politico. How much longer will they be around? Some very untalented repoMy interview on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had a 40%+ ratings increase over same Sunday last year. 20% over last week.
Join me Tuesday, Nov. 3rd at 12pm in Trump Tower NYC. I’ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don’t miss it!
.@SpeakerRyan Congratulations and good luck - you will do a GREAT job for our wonderful U.S.A.!
Failing host @glennbeck, a mental basketcase, loves SUPERPACS - in other words, he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists!
"@misterdish69: @cathyspaThank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance - it was a lot of fun! Today I will be speaking in Reno, Nevada.
"@HorseShoThank you @morningmika and @JoeNBC for all of your nice words and comments on the debate!
The money losing @politico is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites. Losers!
Thanks, @PiersMorgan. You're great!
.@TheEconomist Poll, one of the most highly respected, was just released. Wow, wait until the media digests these numbers - won't be happy!
.@Morning_Joe can you believe Kasie Hunt's poor and purposely inaccurate repo.@CNBC continues to repoAfter a great evening and packed auditorium in Iowa, I am now in Colorado looking forward to what I am sure will be a very unfair debate!
Just out, wonderful poll in No"@Rketeltas: @realDonaldTrump At least the real frontrunner is actually campaigning in Iowa and not on book tours. TRUMP 2016!"
I am leaving for Sioux City, Iowa - great event (rally).
New Gravis national poll just out --- 36%! Very nice! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Dopey @BillKristol, who has lost all credibility with so many dumb statements and picks, said last week on @Morning_Joe that Biden was in.
All Presidential candidates should immediately disavow their Super PAC’s. They're not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself
Re Super PAC scam: What the other candidates are doing is a disgrace.
This whole Super PAC scam is very unfair to a person like me who has disavowed all PAC's &amp, is self-funding.
Ben Carson wants to abolish Medicare - I want to save it and Social Security.
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Will be doing the @TODAYshow there, live at 7:00 A.M. New @CBSNews Poll of New Hampshire: Trump 38 Carson 12!
Remember that Carson, Bush and Rubio are VERY weak on illegal immigration. They will do NOTHING to stop it. Our country will be overrun!
Do you think I will get credit for keeping Ford in U.S. Who cares, my suppoWord is that Ford Motor, because of my constant badgering at packed events, is going to cancel their deal to go to Mexico and stay in U.S.
.@ByronYork Great numbers from @CBSNews Poll. Also from ABC-Washington Post Poll. Thank you! @CNN
Do you believe that @FoxNews is still playing up the old Iowa poll numbers and no mention of the ABCWashington Post or just out CBS results?
.@CBSNews Poll - WOW! New Hampshire TRUMP 38% CARSON 12% BUSH 8% South Carolina TRUMP 40% CARSON 23% CRUZ 8% Iowa TRUMP 27% CARSON 27%
Watch my interview on @CBSNews Face The Nation now and, also, the new CBS POLLS which, if good for me, the media won't repo"@MachadoKirk: @StrengthenTheUS @realDonaldTrump Carson is not a nice guy. He knows his SuperPAC throws Mud on Trump 24/7 #ActingMeek"
Big poll comes out today on Face The Nation at 10:30 on @CBSNews.
Watch @CNN at 9:00 A.M. @jaketapper. Then interviewed on @ABC @GStephanopoulos at 10:00 A.M. and then, at 10:30 A.M., watch Face The Nation.
Ben Carson has never created a job in his life (well, maybe a nurse). I have created tens of thousands of jobs, it's what I do.
I spell out some of the differences between Ben Carson and myself at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN @jaketapper. Ben is very weak on illegal immigration.
This is just not the right time for Jeb Bush. His campaign is in total disarray, too much staff being paid way too much money = U.S. GOVT.
I will be doing a major sit down interview on State of the Union With Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN. Enjoy!
While Jeb Bush is cutting staff and salaries, after having paid ridiculous amounts of money, why did he pay so much in the first place?
.@JebBush is slashing campaign salaries, people making millions. If he can't manage his campaign, how can he manage our countries finances?
.@JebBush is totally lost -- he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign &amp, not enough talking about America's future.
Expecting a great crowd of amazing people. Questions will be live! #TrumpToday
I will be doing the @TodayShow live from New Hampshire at 7am on Monday morning. #TrumpToday
Will be doing a sit down interview with @JakeTapper @CNN on Sunday morning at 9:00. Tough questions and hopefully very good answers!
Just finished speaking in Jacksonville, Florida. Incredible crowd, fantastic people. Thank you!
Leaving for Jacksonville now. See you there! Miami was great.
Massive crowds already forming in Jacksonville - will be and incredible day - 12 noon! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crowd was amazing tonight at Trump National Doral in Miami. Love and excitement in the ballroom. Tomorrow at noon in Jacksonville!
The young intern who accidentally did a Retweet apologizes.
I think Joe Biden made correct decision for him &amp, his family. Personally, I would rather run against Hillary because her record is so bad.
New poll by ABC News/Washington Post TRUMP 32 CARSON 22 RUBIO 10 BUSH 7 Wow, how will the media put a negative spin on this one?
I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M. @ABC will be announcing new poll numbers. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just out: Boston Herald/Franklin Pierce Poll N.H. TRUMP 28 (up 10) CARSON 16 BUSH 9 RUBIO 6 CRUZ 5 Press will say they are surging!
.@GMA at 7:00 A.M.
"@ansun_sayavong: Your opponents have no idea what they're dealing with. Sun Tzu would be very proud. You are a tactical genius. #a.@MonicaCrowley you were GREAT on @seanhannity tonight. Thank you for the nice words!
I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America tomorrow at 7:00 A.M. Big new ABC poll coming out - I hope I do well!
"@btodd539: @seanhannity Now they are All saying Donald really Could Be President! I Knew This from Sta.@seanhannity at 10:00.
"@GirlDayTrader: Our new President will provide something we've never had before. #TRUTH even if it hu"@Po"@PatriotByGod: @GSamUSA1 @Carolde @realDonaldTrump Trumps new VA plan will solidify Vets. Suppo.@KarlRove Had my best day ever in the polls, one had me at 41% - Morning Consult. Boston Globe, Monmouth, NBC and CNN all great. More!
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. You will find it very interesting (I hope). Enjoy!
Both Aberdeen and Turnberry in Scotland, and the soon to open Doonbeg in Ireland, blow Bandon Dunes away. Bandon is a toy by comparison!
I will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 PM @FoxNews. #Hannity
Interesting reading re September 11th NEW POLL: Trump Blue Collar SuppoBruce Willis wearing my hat on @FallonTonight last Friday- Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen again.Jeb is too soft-we need tougher &amp, sharper
It's really cold outside, they are calling it a major freeze, weeks ahead of normal. Man, we could use a big fat dose of global warming!
Best thing my suppo"@Karen05866992: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!
Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace will be re-broadcast on @FoxNews at 6:00 P.M.
Just repoIt's amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal, in pa"@DefendingtheUSA: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street Journal!!!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews - Turn off the football for 15 minutes, Make America Great Again!
Replay of Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Big statement made by Chris!
I should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that Penn @pennjillette hand delivered to me. Minds would be changed very fast!
"Does everyone remember @MittRomney and his famous remarks about "self-depo.@MittRomney and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost!
.@MittRomney can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his terrible "choke" loss to Obama!
.@FoxNewsSunday
Jeb, why did your brother attack and destabalize the Middle East by attacking Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? Bad info?
This morning Chris Wallace has the best political show on television - but that's only because I'm on it (kidding)! Have fun.
Jeb Bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shoOn at 9:00A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on your location) on Fox is a tough but really good interview with Chris Wallace. Enjoy!
"@vlynpowell: @realDonaldTrump At happy hour tonight in Charleston, SC, everyone at the bar said they were suppo"Will be interviewed on "Media Buzz" with Howie KuGood news for those that want to Make America Great Again - I am winning every poll in every STATE and NATIONAL - and by big numbers! Thanks
"@mimi_saulino: @mariclaire81 @realDonaldTrump Jeb suppoI will be interviewed on Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 9:00 A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on location). Will be tough but good!
A great story in the New York Post ---really well written!Russia and the world has already staVia Business Insider: Donald Trump's Poll Dominance in 2 Key States is Mind-Blowing- Via CNET: Donald Trump Bests Jeb Bush in Website Performance, Expe.@HillaryClinton is on the front page of the @nytimes waving to 200 people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was 5,000 people – no pic!
.@KatrinaPierson, you did a fantastic job tonight on @FoxNews. Thank you for your very tough and very sma"@myhealthcoach1: @NoahGrayCNN Thank You Police Force for your effo.@JebBush, like it or not, our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
No @JebBush, you’re pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brother’s term when the World Trade Center was attacked and came down.
"@TRUMPHIANT2016: I've never seen a candidate as dominant in early states as @realDonaldTrump .@JebBush,At the debate you said your brother kept us safe- I wanted to be nice &amp, did not mention the WTC came down during his watch, 9/11.
In Massachusetts --- the place is packed! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Heading to Boston to see another huge crowd! My friend Tom Brady is a great competitor and golf pa"Rumor has it that the grubby head of failing @VanityFair Magazine, "Sloppy" Graydon CaA great new poll-33%! Nice story from @businessinsider .@scottienhughes Keep up the great work Scottie. Polls are best ever!
"@JoeyL3rd: @foxandfriends @EricTrump G.@EricTrump was FANTASTIC on @foxandfriends this morning. He may be my son but he is a special guy!
.@CNBC has just agreed that the debate will be TWO HOURS. Fantastic news for all, especially the millions of people who will be watching!
Every poll, Time, Drudge, Slate and others, said I won both debates - but heard Megyn Kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff. I don't watch
.@marcthiessen is a failed Bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback. A third rate talent!
Megyn Kelly has two really dumb puppets, Chris Stirewalt &amp, Marc Threaten (a Bushy) who do exactly what she says. All polls say I won debates
Will be on @bloombergtv tomorrow with @sruhle. Enjoy!
Why is the @GOP being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the just-aired and very boring #DemDebate?
.@CNBC is pushing the @GOP around by asking for extra time (and no criteria) in order to sell more commercials.
The @GOP should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that @CNBC is asking unless there is a major benefit to the pa.@KevinHaA great day in New Jersey for Trump! Signing my tax return.... I'm very proud of my daughter Ivanka. Great interview. "@FoxGotTrumped: @realDonaldTrump with another great speech today with another huge crowd!!!!! We love you Trump!!!! #Trump2016"
Just did @OReillyFactor. Will be back on at 11pm on @FoxNews.
"@JeremyHL: CNN Poll just out on South Carolina – great #’s .@andersoncooper did an excellent job of hosting the #DemDebate last night. Tough, firm, but fair.
CNN/ORC Poll results just out for Nevada—WOW! Trump 38, Carson 22, Fiorina 8, Bush 6, Cruz 4 Steven Tyler got more publicity on his song request than he’s gotten in ten years. Good for him!
Even though I have the legal right to use Steven Tyler’s song, he asked me not to. Have better one to take its place!
Will be going to Richmond, Virginia today. Big crowd! See you there.
The debate last night proved that Hillary is running against the “B” team. She won’t be so lucky when it comes to me!
#DemDebate was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers.
Like her or not, Hillary did what she had to do in the debate last night—get through it. Her opponents were very gentle and soft!
The latest book on Hillary—Wow, a really tough one! "@releafpen: Dem debate message summary = More free handouts. They will be voting in droves. We need to get out and vote Trump BIG TIME!"
Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now!
"@ObamaTax: After @hillaryclinton poor performance, waffling in debates, @Teamsters14 should suppoNotice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS #DemDebate
Sanders said only black lives matter - wow! Hillary did not answer question!
Sorry, there is no STAR on the stage tonight!
Good move by Bernie S.
The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote, e-mails etc.
All are very scripted and rehearsed, two (at least) should not be on the stage.
Who is winning the debate so far (just last name)? #DemDebate
O'Malley, as former Mayor of Baltimore, has very little chance.
Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way.
The trade deal is a disaster, she was always for it! #DemDebate
We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it, both the good and the bad. Enjoy!
Should be interesting but too bad the three guys at《1% will be taking up so much time - but who knows, maybe a star will be born (unlikely)
"@CNN: .@realDonaldTrump will be live-tweeting the #DemDebate "@007lLisav: @CNN @realDonaldTrump @CNNPolitics can't wait for his insightful &amp, intelligent tweets." You sound like a very sma"@seancduaLive from New York- November 7th! @nbcsnl It was just announced that I will be hosting Saturday Night Live on Nov. 7th -- look forward to it! "Exclusive--Davi: Trump, The Lion We Need" How can Jeb Bush expect to deal with China, Russia + Iran if he gets caught doing a “plant” during my speech yesterday in NH?
Everybody's talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight. @realDonaldTrump #DemDebate
Very honored: "Trump Is Tops As Clinton Drops In Connecticut Primaries, Quinnipiac University Poll Finds" "@Ma1973sk I can't wait for @realDonaldTrump live tweets during Dem debate tonight. Won't watch debate but will watch Trump's Twitter
The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA &amp, CHINA?
Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree!
"@jonygitar: #morningjoe @morningmika @Morning_Joe @JoeNBC Surely you read repo"@Politics_Reddit: That feminist who called out Trump last night? She's a Jeb intern. "@farrightgregy: Dan Rather: Donald Trump Could Be Our Next President Someone should inform @CNN that, despite spending millions of $'s on graphics, it is not the Democratic Debate, rather the Democrat (s) D!
At the request of many, and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours, I will be covering the Democrat Debate live on twitter!
Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at No"@mimi_saulino: @seanhannity @FoxNews Syrian Muslims esco"@kyredblood: @realDonaldTrump Great Fox interview" @seanhannity"
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @foxnews at 10PM tonight. Enjoy!
Via RealClear Politics "@CFT1 @realDonaldTrump doing a great job in New Hampshire today ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
Leaving soon after a great time in New Hampshire, a truly special place!
Great, everyone is saying I did much better on @60Minutes last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree!
President Obama was terrible on @60Minutes tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most impo"@CNNPolitics: .@clayaiken praises "good guy" Trump and his "upstanding" and "grounded" kids "@kausmickey: .@realDonaldTrump was calling out Paul Ryan for his entitlement plans back in 2011 "@TheFix: Tuesday's Democratic debate is missing just one thing: Donald Trump." True, can you think of anyone who wants to watch?"
I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at 10:30 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at 11:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon!
Little Barry Diller, who lost a fo"Via BreitbaWith the fantastic ratings last weekend, @meetthepress &amp, @ThisWeekABC, I think it’s only fair that I go on @FoxNewsSunday w/ Chris Wallace.
Will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation with @JDickerson tomorrow at 10:30am EST. Enjoy!
My interview with @HowardKu.@ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had fantastic numbers last Sunday --- Trump interview. Nice!
Thank you Georgia! I had a great afternoon with all of you! I will be back soon. #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain .@ChuckTodd just informed us that my interview last week on @MeetthePress was their highest rated show in 4 years. Congrats!
I'm leading big in every poll and we are going to WIN! Remember, Trump NEVER gives up!
Paul Ryan is far from my first choice, but a very nice guy. The Republicans should go for tough and (very) sma"@nypost: People are writing tribute songs for Donald Trump "@MyPresidentme: @realDonaldTrump @thehill She represents how thousands of us feel. You have the BEST suppo"@thehill: .@realDonaldTrump’s biggest Hispanic fan: "He’s my perfect man" "@AliceEngle3: @trumpiowa @TRUMPVICTORY16 @realDonaldTrump The next generation will be better off because Trump was in the Oval Office!"
New Gravis Poll in NH just out: Trump 32%, Carson 13% Crowd gathers to hear Trump speech in Las Vegas "@paulfincher2 Keep the faith. Elect @realDonaldTrump and there will be no more sanctuary cities. and very few illegals."
I will be going to Atlanta, Georgia tomorrow—here’s the info: I will be interviewed on @FacetheNation Sunday 10AM on CBS. @johndickerson is a true pro!
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:20. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday!
I was so happy when I heard that @Politico, one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a fo.@EWErickson ran @RedState into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to @RedState and good luck in the future!
.@EWErickson is a total low life--- read his past tweets. A dummy with no “it” factor. Will fade fast.
A great event in Las Vegas, Nevada! "@Momfullofhope @BorderWall @realDonaldTrump rocks it everywhere he goes" Thanks."
Website Exposing Marco ‘Amnesty’ Rubio Goes Live: A ‘Donor Class Puppet’? - BreitbaThe goal is to be the winner': Donald Trump's campaign is for real. Via The Guardian "This Man Is the Most Dangerous Political Operative in America" via Bloomberg Politics "@DesignerDeb3 Wow 5000+ in Line in Las Vegas For our Next President of these United States Mr @realDonaldTrump !"
Washington (D.C.) is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It's not going to happen with anyone else.
Great, Kevin McCa.@KyleStephens30 #asktrump I'm at Trump Int'l Hotel in Las Vegas, tallest/most beautiful building in town. Speaking to another great crowd at Treasure Island (12 noon)
What a time we all had in Iowa yesterday, massive overflow crowd. Love them!
Wow, great news! I hear @EWErickson of Red State was fired like a dog. If you read his tweets, you'll understand why. Just doesn't have IT!
I hear @glennbeck is in big trouble. Unlike me, his viewers &amp, ratings are way down &amp, he has become irrelevant—glad I didn’t do his show.
Wacky @glennbeck who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show--a real nut job!
"@Sandikay60: @realDonaldTrump @DarrenJJordan @stua"@metskins10: @realDonaldTrump @DarrenJJordan @stuaJust arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today, Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"@sugarofsaturn: @realDonaldTrump @stuaIowa was amazing today. Great crowd, great people. Thanks, will be back soon!
.@stuaJust found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39% ---Wow!
.@politico has no power, but so dishonest!
I wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns @politico and their totally dishonest repoHeading to a packed house in Waterloo, Iowa! Will celebrate today's great poll numbers together. See you soon!
If StuaBen Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman, and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!
Tune in to see me on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos at 10am ET. Enjoy!
I will be on @SpecialRepo"Labor Unions Giving Serious Thought to Endorsing Trump" via Washington Examiner Crooked @club4growth has given up adve.@WayneNewtonMrLV Wayne, such a pleasant surprise--so nice. Thank you very much.
Don't ever forget, we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So, so, so impo"@Forbes: “If Donald Trump puts his name on X, it will sell for 3.7 times more than it would otherwise.” Nice!"
I will be on @MeetThePress with @ChuckTodd tomorrow morning at 10:30am ET on @NBC. Enjoy!
Political strategist StuaThoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina.
The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal.
.@EliseChristine #asktrump For all of my fantastic suppo"@PaulRSidneyUK: I cannot believe the increase in illegals here in San Antonio Texas. We are the minority constantly discriminated against"
I'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking, would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers, I'm going to win!
Will be interviewed by @chucktodd on @meetthepress at 10:30 A.M.
Will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @ABC at 10:00 A.M.
"@TrumpNewMedia: @carrillo_pete ILLEGAL ALIENS FOUND GUILTY OF MURDERING BORDER PATROL AGENT The people of Tennessee yesterday were amazing. Thank you!
Just leaving Nashville, Tennessee. Had a great time with a fabulous crowd of people! Love Nashville -- back soon! "Rubio was very disloyal to Bush, his mentor, when he decided to run against him. Both said they "love" each other.They don't - word is hate!"
Bush and Rubio are finally attacking each other, as I knew they would, in order to be the last "establishment" man standing against me.Great
Will be in Nashville, Tennessee, tomorrow (Saturday) at 2:30 P.M. So much to talk about - see you there!
I was so looking forward to being in Virginia Beach, Virginia, today. The demand for tickets was amazing. Good luck with storm, back soon!
My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg, Oregon, shootings.
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. Many things, mostly bad, to talk about!
Just got back from New Hampshire. Great crowd, great people! Will be back soon!
"Trump’s Tax Plan: A Proposal Reagan Would Approve?" by Jeff Bell I will be interviewed by @donlemon tonight on @CNN at 10PM.
Interesting, polls on who won the GOP debate. Wow, so nice! Thank you Wayne Allyn Root. Anyone reading this profile of Marco Rubio would never vote for him. Never made ten cents &amp, is totally controlled!Highly respected economist @Larry_Kudlow is a big fan of my tax plan—thank you Larry. Rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. A lightweight senator with the worst voting record in Senate. Lazy!
Just read that "Trump" has the largest (and I add most enthusiastic) crowds. Tonight I will be in New Hampshire - the place will be packed!
I watched lightweight Senator Marco Rubio, who is all talk and no action, defend his WEAK position on illegal immigration. Pathetic!
Carl Icahn said this about me: "I think at this moment in time, he’s the only candidate that speaks out about the country’s problems.
Definitely watch @Carl_C_Icahn ‘s ‘Danger Ahead’. Very insightful, paI hope when Rand Paul gets out of the race—he is at 1%--his suppoPrediction: Rand Paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. 1%!
Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal!
Wow, the ratings for @60Minutes last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice!
"The GOP Debate Scorecard: Donald Trump and Energy" by Wayne Allyn Root. Zogby Poll: Trump Widens Lead After GOP Debate Conservative? Jeb Bush doubled Florida State debt!Will be doing @OutFrontCNN with @ErinBurnett tonight at 7 pm re: tax reductions and various other topics.
I know you will enjoy reading my tax plan- Looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11AM at @TrumpTowerNY.
Hope we all enjoy @60Minutes tomorrow night. I do believe they will treat me fairly!
Marco Rubio is a member of the Gang Of Eight or, very weak on stopping illegal immigration. Only changed when poll numbers crashed.
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is VERY weak on immigration, knows nothing about finance and would be incapable of making great trade deals!
Just left Oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! What a night!
I will be on @cbs @60minutes this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it.
".@THR "The Donald Trump Ratings Bump: Who's Benefiting Most?" .@TheHill- Trump on Boehner resignation: 'It's a good thing' .....Has worst attendance record in Senate- rarely there to vote on a bill! @marcorubio
.@MarcoRubio is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country.....
Dishonest @politico just called to say that none of the polls including Fox, NBC, CNN, Zogby, &amp, Morning Consult matter. Serious haters.
At the Old Post Office- I am now inspecting the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue - will be a great hotel. Soon off to the Oklahoma State Fair!
.....Ahead of schedule and under budget! Will be in Oklahoma tonight!
Great reception in D.C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office...
.@megynkelly, the @FoxNews poll said very plainly I came in second in the debate. All others, Time, Drudge, Slate etc. said I came in 1st.
"@JoeMarzocco: @realDonaldTrump They attack Trump for not giving policy Just watched @marcorubio on television. Just another all talk, no action, politician. Truly doesn't have a clue! Worst voting record in Sen.
Wow, a really nice lead in New Hampshire--- an increase since my last poll! The failing @politico news outlet, which I hear is losing lots of money, is really dishonest!
.@politico, which is not read or respected by many, may be the most dishonest of the media outlets--- and that is saying something.
Despite the establishment and the media’s best effoNew Bloomberg Poll: Trump Leads Big So happy about my daughter @IvankaTrump’s announcement that she will be having a baby this spring. Congratulations!
Will be on @Morning_Joe at 6:30 A.M.
Will be on @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
.@FoxNews owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit @RichLowry to use such foul language on TV. Unheard of!
Incompetent @RichLowry lost it tonight on @FoxNews. He should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him!
Wow! What a great night. Thank you to all of the viewers and congratulations to @StephenAtHome "Headline reads" Rubio passes Bush in Florida poll" -- Unfair, because Trump destroys them both! Trump 31.5%, Rubio 19.2%, Bush 11.3%"
.@JuliInkster Congratulations on your great win--what a captain, what a champion!
Do you ever notice that lightweight @megynkelly constantly goes after me but when I hit back it is totally sexist. She is highly overrated!
We are going to WIN and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe better than ever before!
Senator Marco "amnesty" Rubio, who has worst voting record in Senate, just hit me on national security-but I said don't go into Iraq. VISION
I will be on the @colbeYom Kippur blessings to all of my friends in Israel and around the world. #YomKippur
"Morning Consult poll: "Trump Leads" 2016 Republican Primary Morning Consult Poll was just released. TRUMP 32, CARSON 12, BUSH 11, FIORINA 6, RUBIO 5, CRUZ 5. Taken after debate
.@RichLowry is truly one of the dumbest of the talking heads - he doesn't have a clue!
I am having a really hard time watching @FoxNews.
Leaving for Mobile, Alabama, right now - can't be late!
.@oreillyfactor, why don't you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old Trump haters. Boring!
.@oreillyfactor was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including NBC. @FoxNews not good for me!
Via HuffPost Pollster #1 I will be interviewed tonight at 7pm ET by @greta #OnTheRecord
I got to know @ScottWalker well—he’s a very nice person and has a great future.
#AskTrump @TwitterNYC I had a great time at @TwitterNYC #AskTrump I just wrapped up a Q&amp,A @TwitterNYC. Thanks for all your questions! #AskTrump .@_Just_Mads_ #asktrump .@MarieLeff #asktrump .@joycefinance #asktrump .@Modern_Do_Good #asktrump .@ARealSuperMan #asktrump .@HighSock_Sunday #asktrump Has the media picked up the new Zogby poll that was just put out? I doubt it! Jeb has been confused for foCarly Fiorina is terrible at business--the last thing our country needs! #AskTrump Send me your questions to answer live from @TwitterNYC later this afternoon.
New Zogby poll— highly respected— but the media won’t repo"@alivelutheran: @TODAYshow touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course, the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!"
The @TODAYshow refused to use their just in poll numbers where I have a massive lead but instead used @CNN numbers where my lead is smaller.
Will be on @foxandfriends now. Enjoy!
Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP, viI am attracting the biggest crowds, by far, and the best poll numbers, also by far. Much of the media is totally dishonest. So sad!
I have been leading big in all polls, with two more today, @nbc and @CNN. The NBC poll is more than double next, at 29%. Fiorina has 11%.
There is no way that Carly Fiorina can become the Republican Nominee or win against the Dems. Boxer killed her for Senate in California!
I will be on @meetthepress at 10:30. @nbc will be releasing their new poll numbers. Based on the debate results, I should do well-who knows?
"@LeghanLiptak712: CNN tried to destroy Donald Trump with vaccine autism question, but he gave this AMAZING response Thank you Faith and Freedom Forum &amp, @UrbandaleSchool. I had a great time in Iowa today! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 On my way to Iowa. Will be landing in Des Moines in two hours. See ya!
Christians need suppoIf I would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. A no win situation!
If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president, do you really think he would come to my rescue? No chance!
This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something.
Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I don't think so!
Looking forward to meeting the students of Urbandale High School tomorrow- GIVE AMERICA BACK ITS DREAM! -- Donald J. Trump
"Wow, great post-debate poll: "Trump Increases Lead" via BreitbaWould be really bad if columnist Mike Lupica left the @NYDailyNews. A wonderful and talented guy!
Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity on @FoxNews at 10 PM. Enjoy!
Going to New Hampshire in a little while. Big crowds! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Every poll done on debate last night, from Drudge to Newsmax to Time Magazine, had me winning in a landslide. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Just announced that in the history of @CNN, last night’s debate was its highest rated ever. Will they send me flowers &amp, a thank you note?
#CNNDebate #CNNDebate The #CNNDebate was amazing --- so much fun! "Will be heading over to the debate soon. Can you believe @CNN is "milking" it for almost 3 hours? Too long, too many people on stage!"
I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also, because I get a big percentage of the profits!
Wow! What a great honor from @DRUDGE_REPOJust finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor, thank you!
.@rushlimbaugh Rush, I am in LA inspecting propeThe polls are really looking good—#1 everywhere despite all lobbyist &amp, special interest $ being spent against me. I’m turning down millions.
Everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in Dallas last night. Spectacular crowd &amp, arena! Thank you @mcuban.
.@club4growth asked me for $1 million. I said no. Now falsely adveMy plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. Phony @club4growth says I will raise taxes—just another lie.
Little respected Club For Growth asked me for $1,000,000 - I said "NO". Now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads!
Am now in L.A. Will be going to the U.S.S. IOWA at 5:30 P.M. to speak to our great VETERANS and other friends!
Our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. Enough! Join me &amp, @V4SA on @USSIOWA at LA Waterfront to hear my plan for vets &amp, the military!
Loved Dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. Will be back!
I will rebuild the military, take care of vets and make the world respect the US again! Join me today. Info: Speech in Dallas went really well. Big and wonderful crowd. Just arrived in L.A. Big day tomorrow!
Vets mistreated, NO border security? I’m with @V4SA this Tuesday 9/15 to #MakeAmericasMilitaryGreatAgain! Join us! The event with me and @V4SA in L.A on 9/15 is turning out to be huge. Get your tickets before they're gone Looking forward to joining @V4SA Tuesday 9/15 in L.A. aboard the @USSIowa - The Battleship of Presidents! Join us! My opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. They will fail! Money down the drain!
To all my fans, sorry I couldn’t do The Apprentice any longer—but equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. Love!
Congrats to my friend @Schwarzenegger who is doing next season’s Celebrity Apprentice. He'll be great &amp, will raise lots of $ for charity.
Why is someone like George Pataki, who did a terrible job as Governor of N.Y. and registers ZERO in the polls, allowed on the debate stage?
I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people.
Too many people on stage for debate. @RandPaul at 11th, with 2% in @RealClearNews, shouldn't be allowed to paI truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul, but his son, @RandPaul, didn't get the right gene.
Lightweight Senator @RandPaul should focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him.
Donald Trump Sends @FallonTonight to Highest Friday Rating in 18 Months. @JimmyFallon, that is #HUGE!Trump’s Campaign Hat Becomes an Ironic Summer Accessory - The New York Times. .@mercedesschlapp thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00. Enjoy!
The Tonight Show @nbc will be amazing - 11:30 P.M. ENJOY!
Amazing crowd outside @FallonTonight. Tune in tonight at 11:30. .@GovernorPerry is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future!
On @FallonTonight with @jimmyfallon at 11:30 PM. Enjoy!
"Via The Hill "No Tickets Left for Trump's Dallas Rally" .@robeJust purchased NBC’s half of The Miss Universe Organization and settled all lawsuits against them. Now own 100% -- stay tuned!
Let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
Oh wow, lightweight Governor @BobbyJindal, who is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls, just mocked my hair. So original!
Also, tomorrow night I will be going to Boone and Ames. Really look forward to seeing all of my friends in Iowa.
Very good news—the new Quinnipiac poll just came out—I am #1 in Iowa.
I will be on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon tonight at 11:30. Should be fun! @jimmyfallon
.... I only respond to people that register more than 1% in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and I’ve been proven right.
Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met him....
I'll be on @greta ON THE RECORD tonight at 7 PM
Wow, I am ahead of the field with Evangelicals (am so proud of this) and viI had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one, the horrible Iran Nuke deal. Amazing crowd and enthusiasm!
Man did JEB throw his brother under the bus last night on @colbeI will be speaking at the #StopIranDeal rally shoA letter to @CNN President Jeff Zucker- See you in D.C. tomorrow at 1:00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!
"Via @USATODAY- "Amateur hour with the Iran nuclear deal" Will be on Bill O'Reilly @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM. Enjoy!
A great honor to receive polling numbers like these. Record setting African American (25%) &amp, Hispanic numbers (31%). I'm on Bill @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM. It will be another lively interview about how to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Jeb’s policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse. Right after he left he went to work for Lehman Brothers—wow!
The lobbyists &amp, special interests have just put out an ad for Jeb which hits me "just a little" but is very false!
I’m self funding my campaign but lobbyists &amp, special interests for Jeb &amp, others are staWake up Jeb suppoThank you @IngrahamAngle for your strength &amp, wonderful words last night on @FoxNews, but @KarlRove is easy to beat!
Wow! Such nice words from Robe"@miasmiiles: @realDonaldTrump #trumpforpresident2016"
Tomorrow in DC: 1 PM West Front Lawn of the Capitol. Not even believable that we would do this deal with Iran.
Look forward to being in DC tomorrow—big crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with Iran.
Looking forward to being with @SenTedCruz at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal!
Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech!
Remember, I'll see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at 1:00 o'clock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at 6:00 P.M. American Air Center
Thank you @scottienhughes for your powerful words on @FoxNews. I am with the Evangelicals and Tea Pa"@sunnykcollins: Jeb Bush, Family Ties and a Museum That Never Materialized "@kylesteckel: @club4growth @realDonaldTrump The letter is out, liars."
.@club4growth should release the letter they sent me asking for $1,000,000. When I said no, they came out against me. A scam operation?
"@Michelleri: Trump Leads as Bush Crashes "@SamSteel10: @shook_stephanie @slone as long as we can stay strong and give @realDonaldTrump our suppoI will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday,1 P.M.,in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran.
The Dallas event on September 14 at 6:00 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST!
Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision, not someone like Hillary or Barack, neither of which has a clue!
The phony Club For Growth, which asked me in writing for $1,000,000 (I said no), is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites!
"@PressTV: Poll: Trump beats Clinton head-to-head matchup "If the presidential election were held today, according to this @surveyusa poll, Donald Trump would defeat any Dem: The hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes ASAP. They are paying practically nothing. We must reduce taxes for the middle class!
By self-funding my campaign, I am not controlled by my donors, special interests or lobbyists. I am only working for the people of the U.S.!
Remember that I am self-funding my campaign. Hillary, Jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100% CONTROLLED
Hillary said such nasty things about me, read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion, no truth. Just can't read speeches!
Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact, it wasn't even see through glass, it was black
Saudi Arabia was "vehemently" against the Iran nuclear deal. Then today they embraced it. What happened? What did we give them to endorse?
Just announced that because of "Trump", adve"Why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like Hugh Hewitt be doing the next debate on @CNN. He is just a 3rd rate "gotcha" guy!
Very low ratings radio host Hugh Hewitt asked me about Suleiman, Abu Bake al-Baghdad, Hassan Nasrallah and more - typical "gotcha" questions
The Dallas event in two weeks, at the American Airlines Center, is filling up fast. Get your tickets fast, before it is too late!
.@MeghanMcCain was terrible on @TheFive yesterday. Angry and obnoxious, she will never make it on T.V. @FoxNews can do so much better!
"Terrific response to my previous tweet: "I’ll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM." Daily Caller: Trump Surpasses Field, FliI’ll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM. Will be great to be back in Texas. Will be on @Morning_Joe in 5 minutes - at 7:00. Enjoy!
The Pledge #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Congratulations to Tom Brady on yet another great victory- Tom is my friend and a total winner!
The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on vi"@LettyNTX: Obama left our American hostages in Iran. #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump" Sadly, so true!"
.@brithume, I am in first place by a lot in all polls, tied for first place with Ben Carson in one Iowa poll. I thought you knew this-thanks
Tracking 149 polls from 29 pollsters nationwide/HuffPost Pollster #GOP 2016 GOP Nomination Polls have me as #1 as seen on @SpecialRepo.@kevinolearytv Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You tell it like it is! Also, thx for the nice mention. Your book sounds great!
"@DRUDGE_REPOWill be interviewed on @GMA this morning at 7:00. Thanks for the GREAT poll results!
In less than 30 minutes- watch the season premiere of @ApprenticeNBC on NBC.
When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1,000,000, they got nasty.What a waste of money that would have been
The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1,000,000 contribution. I said no way!
"@RoniSeale: BIG LEADS FOR THE PEOPLE'S POTUS #2016GOPNOMINATION #TRUMP2016 #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAI Every Poll has me winning BIG.If you listen to dopey Karl Rove, a Trump hater, on @oreillyfactor, you would think I'm doing poorly. @FoxNews
Why does @oreillyfactor and @FoxNews always have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won election
I’m turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributions—feel totally stupid doing so, but hope it is appreciated by the voters.
Many Super Pacs, funded by groups that want total control over their candidate, are being formed to “attack” Trump. Remember when u see them
Congrats everyone--we topped 4 million today on Twitter--and heading up fast!
While millions are being spent against me in attack ads, they are paid for by the “bosses” and “owners” of candidates. I am self funding.
Jeb is spending millions of dollars on “hit” ads funded by lobbyists &amp, special interests. Bad system.
Yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. Will Jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me?
The just released Public Policy Polling (PPP - national result) is the best yet. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"@socalmike_SD: #Trump2016 @realdonaldtrump unofficial fight song Just out - new PPP NATIONAL POLL has me in first place by a wide margin at 29%. I wonder why only @FoxNews has not repo150 Clinton E-mails still contain classified information. More sensitive when she was Sec.of State. This is a very big deal.
President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. McKinley to Denali after more than 100 years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back!
See, I told you so For those that don’t think a wall (fence) works, why don’t they suggest taking down the fence around the White House? Foolish people!
Huma Abedin, the top aide to Hillary Clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag Anthony Wiener, was a major security risk as a collector of info
"@nodramahea: @realDonaldTrump Gaining more suppoLeading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also, my favorability numbers went up at a record, almost unheard of, clip. Thank you Iowa!
Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big!
"@Ricky_Vaughn99: Herschel Walker: Donald Trump is 'my frontrunner' for president "@teapa"Via @BreitbaWow, Jeb Bush just lost three of his top fundraisers - they quit!
Leaving now for Tennessee. Big crowd!
Great rally last night in Massachusetts. 2000 people at a house - must be a record! Unbelievable spirit to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
"@joehos18: BOOM - Univision Reluctantly RepoWill be interviewed by @SarahPalinUSA tonight at 10:00 on OAN Network. Enjoy!
A phony story that I am trying to buy a soccer team in Argentina is untrue. Never even heard of the team—no interest! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain From my speech in South Carolina yesterday- Via CNN: Trump now leads in odds to win GOP nomination "@TheLongShotzz: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @tperkins Trump wins"
Great job tonight on @FoxNews Tony. I am with you all the way! Make America Great Again @tperkins
Just arrived for the #GOPdebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain "@irisodle: Love you man! I'm one of the silent majority that's so excited to finally have us a spokesman! Behind you all the way!"
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
Who wants the endorsement of a guy (@EricCantor) who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of Congress?
.@BenFergusonShow just watched you on @CNN. Thank you for your nice comments.
Great job on @CNN tonight @heytana. We are all proud of you! Also, congrats on a great son - he is going places.
.@KatrinaCampins You were absolutely great on @CNN! Thank you.
.@DennisDMZ Thanks for the nice words. You are fantastic!
Thank you Christian Broadcasting Network @TheBrodyFile @CBNNews Will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow this morning at 7:00. Talking about politics, polls and whatever. Enjoy!
Just got back from Iowa. Fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. Will be back again soon. Thanks!
Heading to Iowa to a packed house. Just released polls, all first place, are amazing. Thank you!
Thank you @BillKristol. I am going to Make America Great Again!
Another good poll result in the great state of SC. Trump at 30%. Carson at 15% and Bush at 9%. Congrats @LindseyGrahamSC. You just got 4 points in your home state of SC—far better than zero nationally. You’re only 26 pts behind me.
.@GovernorPataki did a terrible job as Governor of New York. If he ran again, he would have lost in a landslide. He and Graham ZERO in polls
Jeb Bush just talked about my border proposal to build a "fence." It's not a fence, Jeb, it's a WALL, and there's a BIG difference!
Asians are very offended that JEB said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. A mess!
In a clumsy move to get out of his "anchor babies" dilemma, where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it, he blamed ASIANS
Jeb Bush never uses his last name on adve"@PatrickStinard: @megynkelly Kelly File was much better without Megyn Kelly. Her replacement while she was out on vacation was much better!"
I liked The Kelly File much better without @megynkelly. Perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation!
.@megynkelly must have had a terrible vacation, she is really off her game. Was afraid to confront Dr. Cornel West. No clue on immigration!
Via The Brody File: "The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From Donald Trump" Thank you David &amp, CBN News--so nice. Via Int'l Business Times: Jeb Bush Got $1.3M Job at Lehman After Florida Shifted Pension Cash To Bank. "@sweetspottrader: only @realDonaldTrump can save us form this turmoil #Trump2016" Perhaps so!
Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump.
"@john_franco: When people staAs I have long stated, we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smaNew Reuters Poll just came out and has me at 32%, highest number yet.The silent majority is back and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The last thing we need is another Bush in the White House. Would be the same old thing (remember "read my lips, no more taxes"). GREATNESS!
Jeb Bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body. Jeb just can't get it right!
Jeb Bush is weak on illegal immigration, in favor of common core, bad on women's health issues and thinks the Iraq war was a good thing.
Now that I staIt has just been confirmed by the City of Mobile, Alabama, that there were 30,000 people at last nights event, making it #1for pol season.
How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? Very sad!
Thank you to the @washingtonpost for the accurate and very discriptive story on my speech in Alabama last night. It was a great evening!
I had 15,000 people in Phoenix but @politico said "the rooms capacity is just over 2000." But said Bernie Sanders had 11,000 in same room.
.@politico covers me more inaccurately than any other media source, and that is saying something. They go out of their way to disto"@dojiedojie: @realDonaldTrump Keep talking Donald....The people want to hear it loud and clear!!!!!"
Alabama was great last night, amazing people. 30,000 folks was largest crowd of political season. Nice!
.@jessebwatters, You did a great job hosting @oreillyfactor. Everybody loved it! Thank you for the nice words.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpRallyAL Dow dives more than 500 points - down 9% from high. Be careful!
Boston incident is terrible. We need energy and passion, but we must treat each other with respect. I would never condone violence.
We are going to have a wild time in Alabama tonight! Finally, the silent majority is back! How crazy - 7.5% of all bi"Jeb Bush signed memo saying not to use the term "anchor babies," offensive. Now he wants to use it because I use it. Stay true to yourself!"
Alabama will shine tomorrow. It will be a big and glorious day!
We are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. No more ripping off the United States. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@TomLlamasABC cannot repo"@ABCPolitics must apologize. My statement "we're going to get them out so fast, so quick" applied to hard core criminals &amp, gang members. LIE"
Had a special visitor in my office yesterday for @TIME photo shoot. On the cover of @TIME Magazine—a great honor! Thank you New Hampshire! Together we will Make America Great Again! Another great poll result! Thank you! "@LKDUSA: @LKDUSA Now you need not wonder why we are attracted to a strong leader like @realDonaldTrump. The rest don't cut it. ALL WIMPS!!"
Just got back from New Hampshire. Amazing people, we all had a great time together!
Will be in New Hampshire and then on @CNN Special at 9 PM tonight.
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit .@MarkSteynOnline - Thank you and great job on @seanhannity tonight!
I am looking forward to being in New Hampshire tomorrow. The silent majority is taking our country back. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My H-1B reform plan will transform program so it delivers for country, not lobbyists, &amp, will have bipa"@aduanebrown New CNN/ORC poll: @realdonaldtrump #1 w/ 24% -- favorability rating on the rise while Jeb's declines. 60% among women!!"
If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline. No impact on environment &amp, lots of jobs for U.S.
.@jasondhorowitz I am very proud of my sister, your story was terrific. Thank you so much.
Our online campaign store is open! Visit When foreigners attend our great colleges &amp, want to stay in the U.S., they should not be thrown out of our country.
I want talented people to come into this country—to work hard and to become citizens. Silicon Valley needs engineers, etc.
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit Listening to @rushlimbaugh on way back to Jury Duty. Fantastic show, terrific guy!
Why does @FoxNews keep George Will as a talking head? Wrong on so many subjects!
The polls have been really amazing--we are all tired of incompetent politicians and bad deals! I really enjoyed being at the Iowa State Fair. The crowds, love and enthusiasm is something I will never forget.
.@NicolleDWallace Your father is a brilliant man with wonderful sense -- therefore, you must be good!
Just got back from the Iowa State Fair. Record crowds, phenomenal people. Thank you IOWA, I will never let you down!
In the plane heading to Iowa State Fair. Will be great fun. Hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids.
Making speech tonight in New Hampshire - leaving now. Fantastic people, fantastic crowd!
.@AP and @HuffingtonPost should change their fraudulent story to say THAT I DROPPED @NBC &amp, The Apprentice to run for President!
People don’t understand that I left The Apprentice to run for Pres—the Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt &amp, folks @NBC were GREAT!
Our campaign store is officially open! Visit "@DavidHerjavec @realDonaldTrump completely right on China...just watch the news #GoTrump"
Our online campaign store is officially open! Visit My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit The #IranDeal is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least pa"@mikerotondo86 Only Trump can bring us back from 20 Trillion in debt... He's the only one with the experience and skill set to do so."
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and, more impoOur online store is officially open! Visit "@pokeyisme1971: @realDonaldTrump @ericbolling @oreillyfactor why are people scared of someone who wants to fix a broken system trump 2016"
"@johncook4189: @realDonaldTrump @ericbolling @oreillyfactor .@SenTedCruz had a very good debate, far better than Rand Paul.
.@ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor. Better luck tomorrow!
Why is @RandPaul allowed to take advantage of the people of Kentucky by running for Senator and Pres. Why should Kentucky be back up plan?
We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country!
"@Roy_Propsner: @realDonaldTrump ...Don't give up, don't surrender your 3rd paTruly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE!
Again, illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman. Get them out and build a WALL!
.@KatrinaCampins Thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on TV. Also, keep up the great work!
.@BrandenRoderick I was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.I'm not surprised, you're a special person
.@OMAROSA You were fantastic on television this weekend. Thank you so much – you are a loyal friend!
Frank was a great guy married to an absolutely wonderful woman @KathieLGifford. What a couple! Roger Ailes just called. He is a great guy &amp, assures me that “Trump” will be treated fairly on @FoxNews. His word is always good!
Oh really, check out innocent @megynkelly discussion on @HowardStern show 5 years ago--I am the innocent (pure) one!.@KathieLGifford, Melania and I send our deepest condolences. Frank was a special and amazing person. He will be missed by all!
I will be interviewed on @TODAY Show at 7:00 A.M. and on Morning Joe at 7:20.
Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age 84. He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family.
It amazes me that other networks seem to treat me so much better than @FoxNews. I brought them the biggest ratings in history, &amp, I get zip!
I just realized that if you listen to Carly Fiorina for more than ten minutes straight, you develop a massive headache. She has zero chance!
Small crowds at @RedState today in Atlanta. People were very angry at EWErickson, a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money
"Almost universal suppoWow, CNN just said that Donald Trump won the DEBATE, connected best with audience. Also, Time, Drudge, Newsmax, N.Y.Times and more!
.@redstate I miss you all, and thanks for all of your suppo"Re Megyn Kelly quote: "you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever" (NOSE). Just got on w/thought
So many "politically correct" fools in our country. We have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense!
The hatred that clown @krauthammer has for me is unbelievable – causes him to lie when many others say Trump easily won debate.
....Dopey @krauthammer should be fired. @FoxNews
.@FoxNews you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history &amp, you say nothing but bad...
via Bloomberg: Fox News Couldn't Kill Trump's Momentum, Made Him Stronger @FoxNews @business "@TomNocera: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump "TRUMP DOMINANT" screams headline in today's Tampa Bay Times. #Trump2016" "@ElvisFever: @megynkelly @FoxNews Out to get you with baited questions. She was angry at you. Very hostile and unprofessional"
"@11phenomenon: Despite the hype, @realDonaldTrump wins the debate by a wide margin. I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the @FoxNews trio, especially @megynkelly, was not very good or professional!
.@FrankLuntz, your so-called "focus groups" are a total joke. Don't come to my office looking for business again. You are a clown!
Wow, @megynkelly really bombed tonight. People are going wild on twitter! Funny to watch.
.@FrankLuntz I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins @DRUDGE_REPO"@FrankLuntz: I'm getting a lot of @MegynKelly hatemail tonight. 😆 #GOPDebate" She is totally overrated and angry. She really bombed tonite"
.@FrankLuntz is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels!
.@realbobmassi, who does a show called "Bob Massi Is The Prope"@lesleyclark "Anyone would be lying if they said they weren’t tuning in to watch @realDonaldTrump,” "@jessicarnewman: The only reason most viewers will be watching the #RepublicanDebate tonight... @realDonaldTrump "@RKMCPHERSON2014: Tonights, The GOP aka @realDonaldTrump show. Projected to be the most watched GOP debate in history. Will u b watching??
AmyMek Amen! @realDonaldTrump has drawn more attention to Veterans issues in 1 week than these politicians have in decades!
Wow! Such a wonderful aPoll: Trump Leads GOP Field Among Hispanics, Records 34% Favorability "@JoeDurak If Jeb is the nominee Hillary is our next president."
Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jeb's name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare.
Many of Hillary’s donors are the same donors as Jeb Bush’s—all rich, will have total control—know them well.
"@Keeganbcall: @realDonaldTrump I suppo.@mike_pence is doing a great job - so far, no contest!
I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8 PM and 11 PM.
"92-year-old registers to vote for first time, says will vote for Trump" Thank you @gawker! Call me on my cellphone 917.756.8000 and listen to my campaign message.
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
"@Daaahawks @jimlibe"@jimlibeWill be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:3O. Enjoy!
Thank you @krauthammer for your nice comments on @oreillyfactor. A lot of progress is being made!
My #GOPDebate @facebook question for the other candidates- "@ValetaSue57 @greta @FoxNews Like Trump more &amp, more everyday, he is saying what we all need to hear &amp, understand, He loves USA"
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. -- AlbeNew Poll Shows Donald Trump Blowing Everyone Else Out of the Water. It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary’s private illegal emails. Huma’s PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world.
.@Jrprotalker Thanks Judy for the wonderful statements on @TrumpTurnberry. Great seeing you there &amp, you did a fabulous job on commentary.
.@DottieandBogey Thanks for nice comments over weekend re Turnberry. You and your husband have fantastic taste! Also, great commentary.
Despite the false @nytimes story about Jeb Bush being happy with the Trump surge, he fell more than anybody &amp, is miserable.
Wow, did the @nytimes fall into the Bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that I was hu"@AndrewMillerKC We have to vote for @realDonaldTrump ! Our nation can't afford another #Bush! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
Bush is pretending that the "Trump surge" is great for him and the @nytimesworld is repo"@PizzaPa"@MalachiNo: How will anybody beat Isis besides Trump. They have never made a deal with another country, Trump beats everyone all the time.
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
"@RoniSeale: @DanScavino @FoxNews @EricTrump @ericbolling #GoTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #gop #Trump2016 I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets?
Watch my interview with @ericbolling on @FoxNews today at 11:30AM ET
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- Henry Ford
Wow, some new and even greater polls--thank you!
Will be leaving Trump Turnberry tomorrow--place &amp, Women's British Open are great. Will be back hitting hard tomorrow. @Turnberrybuzz
Should not raise taxes in Wisconsin, but massive budget deficit. Education, roads, etc suffering. @DanHenninger lies. @WSJ
The polls have been consistently great. The silent majority is speaking. Politicians are failing. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I look forward to the debate on Thursday night &amp, it is ceJust at a news conference from Trump Turnberry in Scotland. Everybody was there &amp, will be all over television tonite. Back on trail Saturday
Carl Cameron @FoxNews is the only repo"@bdean1468 The alpha male in the 2016 race: @realDonaldTrump He has real success stories, tons of money, confident, &amp, he's his own backer"
Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resoI really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P.B. Club), but I don't want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump!
People like lawyer Elizabeth Beck and failed writer Harry HuHow can a dummy dope like Harry HuTrump Will Make America GREAT!!!! #ChangeTheWorldIn5Words
... while Tom Brady is guilty because he REPLACED his LEGAL cellphone?
Per @rushlimbaugh: Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server) ...
Via @SaintPetersblog by @MitchEPerry: “Shock poll: Donald Trump leads Jeb Bush 26-20% ... in Florida” "@JereeGeeStavich @realDonaldTrump You are blowing everyone else away. Not just ahead, but doubling. Wow."
This is an outrage! Bias-Free Language Guide claims the word 'American' is 'problematic' -- WHAT?! "@TomNocera @DanScavino @dallasmavs @mcuban Trump's work ethic gives me hope - he's a tireless and smaI truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!
Thank you @Morning_Joe for throwing the pathetic repoSo many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING!
.@CNN Why is somebody (Beck) I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expe.CNN &amp, @CNNPolitics Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me, she lost (I even got legal fees). I loved beating her,she was easy
Lawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees.
.@CNN &amp, @CNNPolitics did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also, she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep.
Public Policy Polling (PPP) has just come out with a major poll putting me #1 with Hispanics - leading all Republican candidates.Told you so
"@AnnCoulter: .DonaldTrump leads w/ Hispanics. Christie, who suppo"Via @BreitbaA nation WITHOUT BORDERS is not a nation at all. We must have a wall. The rule of law matters. Jeb just doesn’t get it.
While I’m beating my opponents in the polls, I’m also beating lobbyists, special interests &amp, donors that are suppo“Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.” – Ronald Reagan
Obama’s nuclear deal with the Iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. It has to be stopped.
Via @limbaugh: “Trump Doubled Down -- and It Worked” Via cnsnews by @SJonesCNS: “Trump Explains His Appeal: 'People Are Tired...Of These Incompetent Politicians'” .#IranDeal will go down as one of the dumbest &amp, most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our country—incompetent leader!
Via @politico by “Poll: Trump has twice the suppoMy @FoxNews int. with @seanhannity on Obama being all talk &amp, no action &amp, making America Great Again! After all is said and done, more is said than done. -- Aesop
.@TheBrodyFile was fantastic tonight on @CNN. Thank you, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you @scottienhughes for the great job you did on @CNN. Great energy and sma"@robe"@LifeZette:Jeb &amp, Hillary could stand to learn a thing or two from @realDonaldTrump about making America great again Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 10:00. There is so much to talk about!
Boston's Mayor Walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the Olympics, and then he gave up. I don't want him negotiating for me!
"@moses11211: Donald Trump leads in new #GOP polls.. @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump I’ll be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 PM and look forward to it. Lots to discuss! Enjoy.
Be in Turnberry on Thurs AM for staI own Turnberry, in Scotland, one of great reso"@AmyMek The Media hates Trump b/c he's a Proud American Entrepreneur who loves his country, wants others 2 succeed &amp, calls out their lies"
Veterans, please call 855- VETS- 352 or email address veterans@donaldtrump.com to share your stories about the need to reform the VA.
“Iowans Drawn to Donald Trump Praise His Antiestablishment Bent” Via @nytpolitics by @AshleyRParker: “Strong Showings for Donald Trump in Iowa and New Hampshire Polls” "@TomMcPeek More people r gravitating to @realDonaldTrump because they're tired of all the usual BS"
.@SteveRattner While I think you should have gone to prison for what you did, I guess Obama saved you. But watch – I will win!
Via @fitsnews: “Donald Trump: John McCain Is ‘A Loser’” "@jimlibeWhen people find out how bad a job Scott Walker has done in WI, they won’t be voting for him. Massive deficit, bad jobs forecast, a mess.
Great news, I’m now leading in most polls w/ new CNN poll also having me #1. NBC, I am #1 in NH by a lot, #2 in Iowa, close &amp, gaining.
Thank you, Wayne Root -- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!"@rp53pierce: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump you're a breath of fresh air all these career politicians are not doing the business for the people"
"@Faithful_USA: I'm a 10th generation American of Spanish descent I suppo.@ScottWalker is a nice guy, but not presidential material. Wisconsin is in turmoil, borrowing to the hilt, and doing poorly in jobs etc.
"@gqforbes: TRUMP ON JOBS. pls Always great to speak with Veterans - our nation's heroes. We will Make America Great Again! Great success in Iowa today. Fantastic sold out crowd. Will be back soon!
Suppo.@ScottWalker despite your coming to my office to give me an award, your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard--- not sma.@ShawnJohnson Congratulations on your engagement --- he is a lucky guy. You are  a true winner and will be an amazing couple.
.@Macy’s is a big contributor to @PPFA . Anybody against Planned Parenthood should boycott racial profiling Macy’s.
Isn't it funny that I am now #1 in the money losing @HuffingtonPost (poll), and by a big margin. Dummy @ariannahuff must be thrilled!
The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie!
Big poll just out by @TheEconomist has me in 1st. place by a lot. A great honor but we have a long way to go to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to go to Iowa today. Big crowd - will be a great day!
"@MYKALFURY: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump I hear same doubters as I heard when Reagan ran against Ca"Via @BreitbaIsn’t it amazing that @Macys paid a massive fine for profiling African Americans--&amp, then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration!
.@marklevinshow has written a great book, Plunder and Deceit. He powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today. Read it!
Be sure to get a copy of @williebosshog's new book, American Hunter.
I love Bluffton, SC, what a great place -- what great people.
When will anyone be held accountable for the VA scandal? The politicians are expe.@williebosshog watched you on @foxandfriends. You were great and I appreciate the nice statements. I’m sending out for your new book now!
Great read: “How New York's Veterans Day Parade Became 'America's Parade'” "@mitchellvii @thehill @slone Here's a crazy thought. Maybe Trump is gaining traction because HE'S RIGHT?"
Thoughts &amp, prayers with everyone in Lafayette, Louisiana this evening.
You’re just not getting there @DanaPerino. Sometimes things just don’t work out, but don’t worry--- no problem!
.@bobbyjindal watched you on @TeamCavuto. Made some excellent points. Best Wishes.
Getting ready to lift off for Laredo. Will land at 1:OO P.M. Should be exciting and informative!
.@BillKristol Bill, your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar!
What a waste of time being interviewed by @andersoncooper when he puts on really stupid talking heads likeTim O'Brien-dumb guy with no clue!
Boycott @Macys, no guts, no glory. Besides, there are far better stores!
.@AC360 Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer O'brian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste!
"@tarabernie: Hey @realDonaldTrump check out Access Hollywood: .@tedcruz you were terrific on @seanhannity tonight. I am going to the border tomorrow.
"@BB1959_: @FrankLuntz I am not impressed with Luntz. Never have been. What makes him an expe.@FrankLuntz knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets!
"@CherokeeShaman2: Donald Trump was Right ! McCain amongst other RNC's voted to cut US Military Veterans Pensions. Shouldn’t George Will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on Fox that his wife works for Scott Walker?
Will be interviewed by @andersoncooper on @CNN tonight. Let’s see if he treats me fairly—enjoy!
Obama still will keep all military recruitment centers &amp, bases Gun Free Zones! It has to stop. MILITARY LIVES MATTER!
“Donald Trump on VA woes: ‘I’d fire everybody’, ‘you fix it by getting Trump elected’” Via @ BreitbaThank you @chucktodd for your commentary last night on @NBCNightlyNews. Very fair -- we are making progress together!
I'm going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!
.@GovernorPerry in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my suppo"@BAM4AU @CNN @realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC keep punching, Donald! Trump it!! Trump is telling the truth!"
I hear a failing New York newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. So original - just one of many!
Great day today in South Carolina. Fantastic capacity crowd, amazing people!
Via @gatewaypundit: “Mother of Murdered Teen Thanks Donald Trump During Senate Hearing” "@iAmerican All Talk No Walk. Old Politics. Let's Go @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GetItDone"
I'm glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. It's about time!
Flags to be flown at Half-Staff at all Trump PropeResponse to the Des Moines Register- "Via @AP by @kronayne &amp, @colvinj: "Disavowed by GOP leaders, Trump has suppo.@ZachJohnsonPGA You're one of the truly great competitiors. I’ve said it for years. Great going winning @OpenChampionship - Not surprised!
.@BreitbaRick Perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. He should be ashamed of himself. Gov. Abbott has since been terrific.
Good luck to my new friends on your testimony in DC. You are amazing people doing something so impo"@DillyDoesIt Trump has no problem telling it how it is, isn't that what everyone has been wanting from a President? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
Just got great national poll numbers - double digit lead! Thank you, we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, new @ABCnews/@WashingtonPost @GOP preference poll has DonaldTrump 11 points up! Thank you.
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans, illegal immigration, etc.
Look how small the pages have become @WSJ. Looks like a tabloid—saving money I assume!
This story is no longer about John McCain, it’s about our horribly treated vets. Illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans.
It was only after I informed NBC that I wouldn't do the Apprentice that they became upset w/ me. They couldn’t care less about “inclusion
"@MJJustus1 @AndrewStilesUSA @realDonaldTrump Trump already hosts vets at his resoIsn’t it interesting that now that I’m #1 in the polls, the networks show polls that are a month old!
 @johnjcarp61 At least we're talking about the #VA! We weren't a month ago! @realDonaldTrump @JohnMcCain
We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans.
The ever dwindling @WSJ which is wo"@RW84JR: @realDonaldTrump Glad U R Man Enough 2 Speak the Truth in this Pathetic Politically Correct World!"
"My @USATOpinion piece: "Trump: I don't need to be lectured" I will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous energy! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
The Republican PaA true piece about the standing ovations I got yesterday The Veterans Administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. John McCain has done nothing to help them but talk.
John McCain called thousands of people "crazies" when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in Phoenix. He owes apology!
“God's word is the same, yesterday and today and a million years from now.” - @Franklin_Graham
One of the reasons I am no fan of John McCain is that our Vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. I will fix VA quickly.
Why would anybody listen to @MittRomney? He lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the way,so did John McCain!
Congrats to the new Gov. of Texas, @GregAbbott_TX, for taking a tough &amp, bold stance at the border. Should have been done long ago by Perry.
I have a proven track record suppo....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
It's a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our Veterans.....
I will make this right for our great Vets!
All he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything.
....John McCain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for Veterans to successfully manage their lives.
The Veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years...
Captured or not, all our soldiers are heroes!
In addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our Vets, John McCain let us down by losing to Barack Obama in his run for President!
Just left Family Leadership Summit in Iowa, got a standing ovation from many wonderful people. I will be back soon.
Statement on John McCain- I am now in Iowa getting ready to speak. People are always amazed to find out that I am Protestant (Presbyterian). GREAT.
The $10 billion (net woRatings starved @CNN and @CNNPolitics does not cover me accurately. Why can't they get it right - it's really not that hard!
Made a speech in Arkansas last night before a record GOP crowd. Great spirit and amazing people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It's driving @ariannahuff &amp, the money losing @HuffingtonPost post crazy that I am #1 in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!
The liberal clown @ariannahuff told her minions at the money losing @HuffingtonPost to cover me as enterainment. I am #1 in Huff Post Poll.
.@genesimmons, Amazing! Thank you.  .@genesimmons really great job handling the wise guys --- so easy for you--- such talent! I won’t forget.
Response to Huffington Post- Via @TPInsidr Via @WashTimes by @dsherfinski “Donald Trump was proven right on another one of his top issues Thursday: 'gun free zones' at military bases.” Via @AP March,2013: Jeb said “he was open to...pathway for citizenship for illegal immigrants” MILITARY LIVES MATTER! END GUN FREE ZONES! OUR SOLDIERS MUST BE ABLE TO PROTECT THEMSELVES! THIS HAS TO STOP!
Looking forward to speaking at the @ARGOP Reagan-Rockefeller Dinner tonight! Record crowd. We are no longer silent! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
I had thousands join me in New Hampshire last night! @HillaryClinton had 68. The #SilentMajority is fed up with what is going on in America!
Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns.
Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today.
.@GovernorPerry failed on the border. He should be forced to take an IQ test before being allowed to enter the GOP debate.
.@GovernorPerry just gave a pollster quote on me. He doesn't understand what the word demagoguery means.
.@SenJohnMcCain should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolis--dummy!
The thousands of people that showed up for me in Phoenix were amazing Americans. @SenJohnMcCain called them "crazies"--must apologize!
"CNN: "New GOP polls show Trump's favorability is up" “No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. So governments' programs, once launched, never disappear.” – Ronald Reagan
More Bush cronyism – “Jeb Bush and the Common Core Money Trail” Leaving for New Hampshire now. Making a speech—packed house. Love it!
The Iran deal poses a direct national security threat. It must be stopped in Congress. Stand up Republicans!
The worst show in Las Vegas, in my opinion, is @pennjillette. Hokey garbage. New York show even worse!
Dopey @Lawrence O’Donnell, whose unwatchable show is dying in the ratings, said that my Apprentice $ numbers were wrong. He is a fool!
No deal is better than a bad deal. America out negotiated again. #Iran
FLASHBACK – “Donald Trump Blasts Obama for Failing to Secure Christian Pastor’s Freedom in Iran" Via @TIME by @ZekeJMiller: “Trump Talks Politics at His Virginia Winery” Via @FSMtweet: “Trump is Right: Illegal Alien Crime is Staggering in Scope and Savagery” “30,000 MACY’S CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPOIs this true about Univision and Fusion? Wow!?! Via @Breitba"@danforc as a legal immigrant I'm so glad someone standing up for us, the millions who do things by the book to earn our place here" Thx
.@KarlRove wasted $400 million + and didn’t win one race—a total loser. @FoxNews
.@FoxNews You shouldn’t have @KarlRove on the air—he’s a clown with zero credibility—a Bushy!
.@BradSteinle Great talking to you and your parents—fantastic people. Keep your sister’s very impo.@andydean2014 Thank you, you were great. You can defend me anytime. Amazing job.
I hope the boycott of @Macys continues forever. So many people are cutting up their cards. Macy's stores suck and they are bad for U.S.A.
I loved firing goofball atheist Penn @pennjillette on The Apprentice. He never had a chance. Wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness.
I hear @pennjillette show on Broadway is terrible. Not surprised, boring guy (Penn). Without The Apprentice, show would have died long ago.
Irrelevant clown @KarlRove sweats and shakes nervously on @FoxNews as he talks "bull" about me. Has zero cred. Made fool of himself in '12.
.@StephenBaldwin7 You were fabulous on CNN last night--I greatly appreciate your suppo".@PolitiTrends @realdonaldtrump is dominating the discussion on Twitter with 79352 mentions today (via .@FoxNews should not put @KarlRove on—he has no credibility, a bush plant who called all races wrong.
Why do people listen to clown @KarlRove on @FoxNews? Spent $430M &amp, lost all races—a Bushy!
.@BradSteinle Thank you for yr wonderful tweet of July 4. I wanted a little time to go by before calling. Your sister &amp, family are amazing.
Via The Hill: Trump Tops National Poll for Second Straight Week "@Britinnv @realDonaldTrump Would the people of US prefer a liar @HillaryClinton or a man that speaks the truth and facts!! No Brainer hey!"
Getting ready to land in Charlottesville, Virginia, at Trump Vineyards, another job producing development that I bought and made AMAZING!
I can't believe that President Obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of Kate Steinle.Come on Pres-MAKE CALL!
Matt Harvey @Mets -- Don't let the @NYDailyNews get you down---nobody reads it. Play well.
Ford is MOVING jobs from Michigan to Mexico AGAIN! "@Zimbo251: @realDonaldTrump @greta Go Donald! Show them what a real man is!"
"@MaLet Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. It's time, he has paid a big and very long price!
"@greta: Huffington Post has @realDonaldTrump in first place in the polls I am so happy that people are boycotting Macy's Very nice - @HuffingtonPost @pollsterpolls has me in first place at 18% and Bush second at 14% I absolutely suppo"@SaintPetersblog Pa"Rush Limbaugh: "Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration" El Chapo comes to the U.S. often thru our border—it's been revealed he has CA drivers license. Mexico’s totally corrupt gov’t looks horrible with El Chapo’s escape—totally corrupt. U.S. paid them $3 billion.
The joke around town is that I freed El Chapo from the Mexican prison because the timing was so good w/ my statements on border security.
.@McLaughlinGroup Greatly appreciate yr wonderful comments this weekend. People of “great accomplishment” should easily quality for prez.
"When will people, and the media, sta....likewise, billions of dollars gets brought into Mexico through the border. We get the killers, drugs &amp, crime, they get the money!
El Chapo and the Mexican drug ca"The U.S. will invite El Chapo, the Mexican drug lord who just escaped prison, to become a U.S. citizen because our "leaders" can't say no!"
.....but that's what I've been saying. Very unfair treatment by the media!
Now that the Mexican drug lord escaped from prison, everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc. coming into the U.S. comes over border!
I hear that sleepy eyes @chucktodd will be fired like a dog from ratings starved Meet The Press? I can't imagine what is taking so long!
...Trump, however, would kick his ass!
Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with 'El Chapo', the Mexican drug lord who escaped from prison? ....
Sleep eyes @ChuckTodd is killing Meet The Press. Isn't he pathetic? Love watching him fail!
Mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price. I told you so!
Phoenix Convention Center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat, so they let them in. A GREAT day!
Convention Center officials in Phoenix don't want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 12-15,000 people in 4,000 code room.
"Via @BreitbaI will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am campaigning in Phoenix. Wishing all well!
Legal immigrants want border security. It is common sense. We must build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! "Via @CNNPolitics by @mj_lee: "Father of murder victim to introduce Trump in Phoenix" "@Eugene_Scott: "I want people to come into the country. Let it be legal," @RealDonaldTrump Getting ready to go to Las Vegas (Freedom Fest) - great crowd. Then on to amazing Phoenix - that will be a total happening! Love America.
"@TheVotingVenue: @realDonaldTrump when Fox News tries to push Jeb on their viewers, remind them of this aBoycott @Macys and @Univision. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Has anyone seen the financials of @Univision. They are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny!
Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: “Donald Trump To Brody File in 2011: People Send Me Bibles” “Tone it down? No way! Donald Trump needs to crank up the volume” I love that thousands of people are boycotting @Macys and cutting up credit cards. No guts no glory. This really backfired - love it!
Look forward to being in Phoenix tomorrow at 2:00 P.M. Hottest ticket in entire country. Was supposed to be 500 people, now many thousands!
Standing with Jamiel Shaw, Sabine Durdin, Don Rosenberg, Lupe Moreno, Brenda Sparks, Robin Hvidston &amp, their spouses. "@Mitestarossa Please follow @realDonaldTrump ...We already know what all the other politicians will do. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
Via @nypost by @GeoffEarle: “Polls show ‘President Trump’ may not be so far-fetched” Jeb Bush just announced he raised over $100M. Everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of America!
Iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs. Time to WALK and double the sanctions. Stop payments!
"Via @trscoop: "WHOA: Trump changing venues for Saturday rally in Arizona due to OVERWHELMING RESPONSE" BREAKING - Border security rally in Phoenix, AZ at 2PM MST has been moved to @PhoenixConvCtr! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again!
I'm on @CNN's @AC360 tonight @8pm &amp, @FoxNews' @seanhannity @ 10PM discussing immigration and lots of other things.#LetsMakeAmericaGreatAgain
Via @CNNPolitics by @JDiamond1: “Trump: RNC call was 'congratulatory'”"EXCLUSIVE — DONALD TRUMP ON THE GOP PRIMARY: ‘IF I WIN, I WILL BEAT HILLARY’" "@tommyz63 @Reince let Trump speak. He is only saying what the rest of us, including you, already know #Illegals are a huge problem!"
“TRUMP BATTLES THE NEW TOTALITARIANS: GOP elites join with leftists at Media Matters in targeting threat to both” "@ErinEdwards001 @realDonaldTrump thank you for telling it how it is, no one else will address these issues. You have my vote."
Via “TRUMP: HILLARY PRESIDENCY WILL CAUSE ‘CRIME WAVE LIKE YOU’VE NEVER SEEN’” "@rdbrewer4 Trump: Keep throwing those giant hand grenades into the amnesty debate. You're pissing off all the right people in the GOP."
Why does a failed magazine like @Forbes constantly seek out trivial nonsense? Their circulation way down. @Clare_OC
Dummy @Clare_OC @Forbes: Tiny fragrance deal with Parlux means nothing. Still sold at Trump Tower...
Dummy @Clare_OC from failing @Forbes magazine: NASCAR deal was 1 nite ballroom, ESPN was small golf outing...
Dummy writer @Clare_OC from failing @Forbes magazine works so hard to make such trivial license deals look impo"@gomrunner @realDonaldTrump keep up the tempo and don't listen to the RNC! You are correctly presenting what people want."
Via @EWErickson: “Stop Complaining About Donald Trump” Watched chief negotiator for Iran on @charlierose last night. He is far sma"@rbern11162 @SharNeal Donald Trump , keep it up you only get flack when you are close to the target, I suppo"@SharNeal @ericbolling @TheFive a lot of us suppo"@_JoshBishop @ppppolls gop or dem, you have to love Trumps blunt honesty. So many things wrong most won't point out. Borders big problem"
Totally false repo"@RossMahan1952: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer Like Harry Truman, you tell them the truth and they think it's hell. Give em hell Donald
You mean George Bush sends our soldiers into combat, they are severely wounded, and then he wants $120,000 to make a boring speech to them?
Jeb's brother George insisted on a $100,000 fee and $20,000 for a private jet to speak at a charity for severely wounded vets. Not nice!
Do you believe that highly overrated political pundit @krauthammer said this is the best Republican field in 35 years. What a dope!
Via @DailyCaller by @samsondunn: “Pastor To Hispanic Congregation Speaks Out On Trump Immigrant Crime Statement” "Via @mrctv by Ben Graham: "Border RepoThank you @BrentBozell --- As you know I have been saying this for a long time "@greta just read @realDonaldTrump going to Phoenix to give speech on illegal immigration on Saturday" That is correct. I look forward to it"
Via @businessinsider by @hunterw: “TRUMP UNLOADS: Hillary Clinton was 'the worst' and is 'extremely bad'” "@CaseyBierer America needs to hear the truth. Keep it up, Mr. Trump. You can help us make America great again. Never give up."
Dear @MaraLiasson, I greatly appreciate your fairness. My history shows I never disappoint. Looking forward to meeting you soon.
.@natalie_gulbis Thank you for your suppo.@ronsirak Thank you for being so fair this morning on @GolfChannel—greatly appreciated.
"Via @Newsmax_Media by @ChrisRuddyNMX: "Donald Trump and the End of Free Speech" I will be in California this weekend making a speech for Clint Eastwood. Then to Arizona and Vegas. Big crowds. Discussing illegals &amp, more!
Via @limbaugh: “See, Trump Told You So” “RUBIO’S GANG OF 8 BILL WOULD HAVE REWARDED SANCTUARY CITIES HARBORING ILLEGALS” "MUST READ-"It's time people listened to Trump,' says mother of gunned-down teenage football star" Wow! I hear that thousands of people are cutting up their @Macys credit card. That's great. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
"@DanScavino Illegal Immigrant Depo"@lolabigirl I'm not sure why people are mad @realDonaldTrump he really speaks the truth. Sir, I suppo.@AnnCoulter U were great last nite @ericbolling on FOX. Our country has become a dumping ground for the world--I'll get it to stop &amp, fast!
People rarely say that many conservatives didn’t vote for Mitt Romney. If I can get them to vote for me, we win in a landslide.
We have got to take our country back. It's time!
Thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting their @Macys credit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into US
Thank you Alabama! #Trump2016#Supe"@BabyPhatRox: @realdonaldtrump The huff post pollster has @realdonald trump in first place ahead of jeb bush"
I said simply that the Mexican leaders and negotiators are smaThank you @loudobbsnews, I will be trying very hard to prove you right - great show!
Flashback – Jeb Bush says illegal immigrants breaking our laws is an “act of love” Jeb Bush will never secure our border or negotiate great trade deals for American workers. Jeb doesn't see &amp, can't solve the problems.
I appreciate the GOP candidates who remain strong on border security. They know I am right. A nation without borders cannot survive.
Rick Perry failed at the border. Now he is critical of me. He needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants.
"@MichaellW56: @tedcruz Saw where you suppo"@pdxnancy: Donald Trump and 2015 / 2016 Considerations... Miss Universe, Paulina Vega, criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration, but then said she would keep the crown-Hypocrite
Via @Breitba"@Darci51: @realDonaldTrump the blue! I don't care WHAT @nbc says or @Macys Screw them! I'm voting 4 you, Mr. Trump! #trumpforpresident
Why would Republican candidates want the suppo"@MikeG_Beats: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016"
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO EVERYONE! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:30. Enjoy!
"@CNNPolitics: Trump: San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration "Via @CNNPolitics by @teddyschleifer: "Trump: San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration" .@TheJuanWilliams you never speak well of me &amp, yet when I saw you at Fox you ran over like a child and wanted a picture. Please share pic!
.@marcorubio what do you say to the family of Kathryn Steinle in CA who was viciously killed b/c we can't secure our border? Stand up for US
Where are the other candidates now that this tragic murder has taken place b/c of our unsafe border My heaOur Southern border is unsecure. I am the only one that can fix it, nobody else has the guts to even talk about it. Our Southern border is totally out of control. This is an absolutely disgraceful. situation.Via @NRO by @JOELMENTUM: “Matchless Name Recognition and Deep Pockets Make Trump a Threat in Iowa” Via @DailyCaller by @rpollockDC: “NYC Mayor Action Against Donald Trump Is ‘Not the American Way’” "A nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation." - President Ronald Reagan"
Wow, Huffington Post just stated that I am number 1 in the polls of Republican candidates. Thank you, but the work has just begun!
Mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and sma"@BigGstory: @realDonaldTrump is not a politician, he's the leader that America needs"
As Governor of Texas, Rick Perry could have done far more to secure the border - but that's O.K., I like him anyway! @GovernorPerry
Obama once again just missed a self-imposed deadline with Iran. Our leadership is weak &amp, ineffective. Double the sanctions!
New orders for manufacturing down 9/10 months Via @RedState by @EWErickson: “Always Play On Offense” New jobs repo“TRUMP DECLARES VICTORY ON IMMIGRATION AS OBAMA ADMITS SOME ILLEGALS ARE ‘GANG BANGERS’” "@RunPureMichigan Macy's stock drops after coming out in suppoGreat a"@Neilleon_ @realDonaldTrump sir! Thanking you for speaking your mind and or having your very own opinion on ce"@mstrbass2000 @DashMan18 @AppSame taking a stand against stupid companies over reacting to free speech, nothing trump said wasn't true"
Why doesn’t somebody study the horrible charges brought against @Macys for racial profiling? Terrible hypocrites!
.@Macys stock just dropped. Interesting. So many people calling to say they are cutting up their @Macys credit card. Thank you!
Who is @Macys to pretend innocence when they “racial profile” all over the place? Paid big fine!
Interesting that @Macys criticized me but just paid $650,000 in fines for racial profiling. Are they racists?
.@GovernorPataki couldn’t be elected dog catcher if he ran again—so he didn’t!
.@GovernorPataki was a terrible governor of NY, one of the worst -- would’ve been swamped if he ran again!
.@andersoncooper Anderson—Thank you for being so fair with your repoFor all of those who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, boycott @Macys. They are weak on border security &amp, stopping illegal immigration.
Get ready for @Oreillyfactor tonight at 8- always interesting!
Via @THESHARKTANK1: "Donald Trump's Controversial Mexican Comments Are Accurate" Only a fool would buy the @NYDailyNews. Loses fo"@webster07 @realDonaldTrump wish there were more people in the public eye with this attitude. It's only way 2 defeat political correctness
Watch me on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8PM.
I love the Mexican people, but Mexico is not our friend. They're killing us at the border and they're killing us on jobs and trade. FIGHT!
We MUST have strong borders and stop illegal immigration. Without that we do not have a country. Also, Mexico is killing U.S. on trade. WIN!
Via @JNSworldnews by @JacobKamarasJNS: "Donald Trump says he is no apprentice when it comes to Israel"@JoylynBest: @Maryannzfoster @Morning_Joe 🌍 Don't care about #GOP or Trump but he's the best #GOP running and should win the Primary🌍
Remember, Univision apologized!
Saudi Arabia should be paying the United States many billions of dollars for our defense of them. Without us, gone! @AlWaleedbinT
.@jorgeramosnews Please send me your new number, your old one’s not working. Sincerely, Donald J. Trump
Univision apologized to me but I will not accept their apology. I will be suing them for a lot of money. Miss U.S.A. contestants are hu.@NYDailyNews, the dying tabloid owned by dopey clown Mo"@RSan: Donald Trump's Polling Looks too Good to Be True."
See story in Fusion and Huff. Post about rape at the border. Beyond terrible! Isn't Fusion owned by Univision?
Via @thehill by @maWill be in Chicago tomorrow for a record setting (by far) luncheon.
Addressing record crowd @ Madison County Iowa GOP Dinner. We can bring common sense to DC &amp, Make America Great Again! "Must read aA great a"@TheReaLJuiCe88: I'm working real hard Mr Trump getting you votes in Boston/Rhode island area! #IBelieve #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016"
I'll be in Iowa tonight making a speech to a record setting crowd. The word is getting out, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The leader and negotiators representing Mexico are far smaOnly very stupid people think that the United States is making good trade deals with Mexico.Mexico is killing us at the border and at trade!
.@billmaher: Bill, you are really beginning to understand what is going on with "Trump" - actually, you always knew!
When you are in a war, or even a battle, losing is not an option!
When somebody challenges you unfairly, fight back - be brutal, be tough - don't take it. It is always impo"@RobRucker: "The greatest social program is a job" -Donald Trump"
If I win the presidency, my judicial appointments will do the right thing unlike Bush's appointee John Robe.@Univision cares far more about Mexico than it does about the U.S. Are they controlled by the Mexican government?
Anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the US should boycott @Univision.
Once again the Bush appointed Supreme CouI love Mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the US so stupidly makes with them. Really bad for US jobs, only good for Mexico.
Univision wants to back out of signed @MissUniverse contract because I exposed the terrible trade deals that the U.S. makes with Mexico.
Mexican gov doesn't want me talking about terrible border situation &amp, horrible trade deals. Forcing Univision to get me to stop- no way!
Governor Rick Scott of Florida did really poorly on television this morning. I hope he is O.K.
"@gneumann_wkow: New national 2016 GOP poll from @FoxNews - @JebBush leads field, @realDonaldTrump second. I hear that dopey political pundit, Lawrence O'Donnell, one of the dumber people on television, is about to lose his show-no ratings?Too bad
We have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the U.S.A. It can happen!
My message, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, is beginning to take hold. Bring back our jobs, strengthen our military and borders, help our VETS!
My daughter Ivanka did great tonight in New Hampshire. The sold out crowd loved her, and she loved them. Thanks Ivanka!
.@WhoopiGoldberg had better surround herself with better hosts than Nicole Wallace, who doesn't have a clue. The show is close to death!
The ratings for The View are really low. Nicole Wallace and Molly Sims are a disaster. Get new cast or just put it to sleep. Dead T.V.
"I am really beginning to respect Mark Halperin and John Heilemann as political repoJust out, the new nationwide @FoxNews poll has me alone in 2nd place, closely behind Jeb Bush-but Bush will NEVER Make America Great Again!
Uncomfo"@_laurenharding: @realDonaldTrump not to mention that there's a whole lot of people who never got asked (me included)!!! #Trump2016" Cute."
.@Neilyoung’s song, “Rockin’ In The Free World” was just one of 10 songs used as background music. Didn’t love it anyway.
For the nonbeliever, here is a photo of @Neilyoung in my office and his $$ request—total hypocrite. .@Neilyoung A few months ago Neil Young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal &amp, called me last week to go to his conceMy daughter, Ivanka, will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in Manchester, NH #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
"@tryeye @realDonaldTrump Very strong staPolitician @SenatorCardin didn't like that I said Baltimore needs jobs &amp, spirit. It's politicians like Cardin that have destroyed Baltimore.
The highly respected Suffolk University poll just announced that I am alone in 2nd place in New Hampshire, with Jeb Bust (Bush) in first.
Via @fitsnews:“Donald Trump Surges In New Hampshire Poll: MOGUL, REALITY STAR EMERGES AS GRANITE STATE’S ‘ANTI-BUSH’ "@kolbytraveller #Trump is more than just talk. I hope he wins the election and gets something done for once in this country. #Trump2016"
My @gretawire interview on @FoxNewsInsider “Trump: 'Last Person I'd Want Negotiating for Me Is Obama'” "@Stevenfclifford @realDonaldTrump thank you for running. You have my vote and I'm spreading the word. We need you there to fix this mess."
Via @WSJPolitics by @reidepstein: “Trump Surges in Popularity in N.H.” "@CWilliams_Rltr @realDonaldTrump. I am so happy you are running for President. You have my vote."
“Donald trump files statement of candidacy” Via @bpolitics by @emtitus: ”Defying Doubters, Donald Trump Makes Presidential Bid Official” "@troubic I'm definitely voting for @realDonaldTrump I would love to see what a real businessman can do for our economy!"
.@DanaPerino Have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? Would you like to see it? @ericbolling @kimguilfoyle
Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities.
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smaEntrepreneurs: Negotiation is an aThe Senate must NOT pass TPA! Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS. Protect the American worker and manufacturer!
Flashback – Jeb Bush received a $4M tax payer bailout in 1990 .@JordanSpieth Great job--you are a true champion! See you soon.
Hillary Clinton Dominates the Pack in Fake Twitter Followers" "@carsonbonner @realDonaldTrump A businessman that understands the world's business/politics. #Trump2016
.@deneenborelli Thank you for your nice words--greatly appreciated.
I want to thank Elizabeth, Steve, Brian and all of the great folks of @foxandfriends for the long and successful run we had together. NICE!
Sadly, I will no longer be doing @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. on Mondays. This is because I am running for president and law prohibits. LOVE!
.@KarlRove still thinks Romney won! He doesn't have a clue! @FoxNews
.@KarlRove stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd Amendment. I thought @FoxNews was going to fire that jerk after his Romney fiasco?
The great Mike Wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son, Chris Wallace of @FoxNews. Mike was a total pro!
.@Ma"@utwey: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove can't wait for debates! DT will crush them" Could happen!"
"@BK00023: Donald Trump's resume backs his run for president .@KarlRove, who spent $430 million in the last cycle and didn't win one race, said I'm not a candidate until I file papers. Next week Karl!
Via @nypost by @JonathonTrugman: "Donald Trump’s resume backs his run for president" "@nytimes: If you’re a betting man, it’s time to sta"@I_Dont_Know_Her: @realDonaldTrump you are the best candidate for president in a long time. Hope you win" Thanks.
Who would you rather have negotiating for the U.S. against Putin, Iran, China, etc., Donald Trump or Hillary? Is there even a little doubt?
"@BreitbaThank you @AnnCoulter for your nice words. The U.S. is becoming a dumping ground for the world. Pols don't get it. Make America Great Again!
My speech is right now on C-SPAN 1
Druggies, drug dealers, rapists and killers are coming across the southern border. When will the U.S. get smaMexico is killing the United States economically because their leaders and negotiators are FAR smaI like Mexico and love the spirit of Mexican people, but we must protect our borders from people, from all over, pouring into the U.S.
Why did @DanaPerino beg me for a tweet (endorsement) when her book was launched?
"@stevenkirk @realDonaldTrump @PatrickBuchanan great aOur country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. We cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk.
"Via @WashTimes by @CharlesHuOut of hundreds of deals &amp, transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal, just business.
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool. Icahn, Black, Zell—but nobody says they went bankrupt!
People buy deals &amp, immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals. It’s a very effective &amp, commonly used business tool.
Has Charles @krauthammer ever apologized for being so totally wrong on Iraq? I called it right in every way—Make America Great Again!
George Will was a big Iraq fool. $2 trillion, thousands of lives lost -- &amp, we got nothing! Dummy.
Goofy political pundit George Will spoke at Mar-a-Lago years ago. I didn’t attend because he’s boring &amp, often wrong—a total dope!
Just watched Brian Williams on @TODAYshow - very sad! Brian should get on with a new life and not sta"@SMW5683: @realDonaldTrump Donald trump will do this country good! He is a businessman &amp, will know how to grow our economy"
Trump Nat'l Golf Club Philadelphia, 360 beautiful acres as designed by Tom Fazio with views of the Philly skyline. Watch my appearance on @Morning_Joe - great interview! The tragedy in South Carolina is incomprehensible. My deepest condolences to all.
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp, Tower, Chicago, has received accolades for design, service &amp, our signature restaurant, "Sixteen" "@Gabigayle @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump He doesnt need anyone's money and can speak the truth because of it! Go Donald!
Enjoyed watching @MonicaCrowley's analysis of my @BillOreilly interview. Great points! Thank you, Monica.
Thanks @greggutfeld. Really nice! I’m glad I did your show. @GregGutfeldShow
Dear @kimguilfoyle, Thank you so much for your nice words today on @TheFive. Will not be forgotten! In Iowa now. Packed house!
Make sure to follow me on @periscopeco. I will be streaming my announcement at 11AM.
Make sure to follow me on @periscopeco #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
It is almost time. I will be making a major announcement from @TrumpTowerNY at 11AM. Follow on social media! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Big time in U.S. today - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Politicians are all talk and no action - they can never bring us back.
Tomorrow will be a really big day for America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Tuesday will be a big day for our country to do a complete turnaround. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember, politicians are all talk and no action - they will never be able to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN! Controlled by lobbyists &amp, donors
I am really happy that Hillary made her speech right under Trump World Tower!
Entrepreneurs: Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Entrepreneurs: Focus on your goals, not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear.
Entrepreneurs: Don’t sell yourself shoEntrepreneurs: Keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality. Accentuate the positive without being blind to the negative.
Looking for Father's Day gift? @Miamimagazine named the spa @TrumpDoral one of the best places for men to relax "@EKSpindler @realDonaldTrump @bellaxbionda go get em Donald! Enough with the PC crap. Tell it like it is and actually fix problems."
Congratulations to @TrumpPanama for winning the 2015 Traveler's Choice Award from @TripAdvisor "Thank you @CrainsChicago for featuring @TrumpChicago in your list of "Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago." "@RealTerryPatton: @realDonaldTrump @JenCroma"@DillonConrad0: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president in 2016, I'd be one happy camper"
Entrepreneurs: Review your work habits regularly and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Keep your focus intact.
Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. It’s a very empowering attitude.
Entrepreneurs: Follow your own path—it will bring you to the places you were meant to be.
Our @TrumpNewYork is really sta"@MatthewLadzik "The golden rule of negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules" @realDonaldTrump great read #MidasTouch #ThankYou"
Thank you @CrainsChicago for featuring @TrumpChicago in your list of "Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago." "@GaryWhalenTV A pleasure to film at the beautiful @TrumpScotland links course &amp, club house. Thanks to @realDonaldTrump &amp, @DonaldJTrumpJr..
Via Hardball with Chris Matthews "@hugshenderson @GolfMonthly @realDonaldTrump he's a legend. Does so much good for Scottish golf" Thanks."
Via @TheTodaysGolfer “@TrumpScotland gets new clubhouse” "Dee Dee Sorvino @deedeegop I am betting on Trump"
Loved doing #NCGOPConvention keynote speech last night! Unbelievable reception. Had the biggest crowds by far of any of the GOP candidates.
Will be doing @foxandfriends live tomorrow at 7AM ET from Europe.
Going to Scotland, Ireland &amp, other places in Europe to close up deals. Getting ready for the June 16th announcement @TrumpTowerNY!
Via @newsobserver by @RaleighRepo"Just received a standing ovation at #NCGOPCon when I said, "We need to bring the American Dream back better and stronger than ever before!
Just said at #NCGOPCon that "I'm not beholden to lobbyists and donors! No special interest would control me if I were in office.
Just made the point at #NCGOPcon that "we have to protect our border &amp, I think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like Trump!
Just received applause at #NCGOPcon when I said "People ask me why I may run for President-- I might so we can Make America Great Again!
Just said at #NCGOPcon that "politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! We need action and results to move forward!
Received a standing applause at #NCGOPcon when I said "to have free trade be fair for the US we need really intelligent negotiators.
Just Introduced at #NCGOPcon as the country's highest paid speaker. Told the record crowd of 650 I am to be speaking here for free!
Going to No"@BlueWaterDays: A visionary who loves America &gt, @realDonaldTrump" Thanks."
“Our runaway judiciary is badly in need of restraint by Congress.” - Phyllis Schlafly
We must stop Common Core from controlling state &amp, local curriculums. It is a federal grab of education. Keep education local!
China just hacked our federal government &amp, stole gov. workers’ information. Why do our leaders let China get away with this?! No respect.
Via @globegazette by @GGMaryP: “Trump: We'll bring American dream back” “Donald Trump: I’ve made up my mind on 2016” .@GretchenCarlson's memoir is a powerful example of perseverance &amp, hope. “Getting Real” is as real as it gets. Get it &amp, enjoy! #GettingReal
Looking forward to keynoting the @NCGOP #NCGOPcon dinner tomorrow night! @NCGOP is a top state paVia @DMRegister by @BylineAndyDavis: “Donald Trump speaks to veterans, residents in Coralville” Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland -- home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time.. "@thermoclinee Hey @realDonaldTrump - had a spectacular round @TrumpFerryPoint - drove the green on #7. Awesome track! Great views!" Thanks"
Was in Iowa yesterday-great people. Record crowds at both speeches. Something big is happening. Pols are all talk. Make America great again!
Dummy political pundit @krauthammer constantly pressed the crazy war in Iraq. Many lives and trillions of dollars wasted. U.S. got NOTHING!
.@krauthammer pretends to be a sma"@Bobzilla305: @realDonaldTrump @krauthammer is a progressive making money off of the Conservative viewership" A total loser!"
"@foxandfriends: Donald Trump: I Would Be the Jobs President One of the worst and most boring political pundits on television is @krauthammer. A totally overrated clown who speaks without knowing facts
With great patriots in Mason City who also want to bring the American Dream back! We can Make America Great Again! Standing room only in Mason City, Iowa! Thanks to the record crowd of over 400 suppoVia @KCRG by @markwcarlson: “Donald Trump stops in Coralville” "@RaeRae_luv I'm on the fence but if @realDonaldTrump runs then I'm all good"
Trump Nat'l Golf Club, Philadelphia, is a 360 acre beauty and an award winning Tom Fazio designed course--fantastic! Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to eaRe Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. View any conflict as an oppoEntrepreneurs: Negotiation is an a"@123Jayne: @realDonaldTrump I have just one question please...will you be running for President 2016? We really need you!"
“FoJust as I predicted, while Obama lifted sanctions 18 months ago, Iran cheated &amp, increased its nuclear fuel by 20%. We must DOUBLE sanctions!
Via @CarrGaz: “Trump to jet in to unveil Trump @TurnberryBuzz clubhouse” Looking forward to visiting Mason City, Iowa, tomorrow. Will be my 8th day in the Hawkeye State this year! “I love it when people doubt me. It makes me work harder to prove them wrong.” – Derek Jeter
The Trans-Pacific Pa"@vilmawolfe03 @realDonaldTrump @davevin73 #you get my #VOTE for President of the Unites States of America! 🏻"
Too bad I don't get this for political speeches- they cost me a foThe Spa @TrumpWaikiki offers unique treatments that use traditional Hawaiian botanicals &amp, healing techniques "@patzann66 @realDonaldTrump Time for USA to get back on track "Trump for President"
"@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump set's the HIGHEST BAR OF ALL he is great &amp, will #MakeAmericaGrateAgain! He has SMA"@pepsidaisy: DonaldTrump Wish I could be there! Can't wait for 06/16/15 @ 11am! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high and resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
Entrepreneurs: There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. Get out there &amp, go for it!
“The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon” - George Washington
.@TrumpGolfLA is proud to be hosting @PGAGrandSlam where all 4 Major Champions will square off. October 2015. Via @G_LibeVia @ChristianToday: “Donald Trump vows to be the 'greatest representative of Christians' if he wins White House” All the haters &amp, losers must admit that, unlike others, I never attacked dopey Jon StewaWhile Jon Stewa"@Zac_dunnn2 My summer would be made if Donald Trump decides to submit a bid for a presidential campaign. We need Trump! June 16th!!"
Awarded 5 Stars by @ForbesInspector, @TrumpChicago’s @SixteenChicago offers Executive Chef @cheflents’s new menu For those of you that have conveniently forgotten, dummy Jon StewaJon Stewa"@The_Truth_Sir: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends A great way to sta"@aalucero: @pacsgirl36 I luv Donald Trump, in his sleep he is leaps &amp, bounds over what we have now - I have no doubt he luvs America!"
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY!
For those of you that have conveniently fotgotten, dummy Jon StewaI would like to offer Vice President Biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son, Beau. Met him once, great guy!
Wow, the economy is really bad! GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT down 0.7% in 1st. qua“Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.” - Vince Lombardi
ICYMI, Via @nypost by Post Editorial Board: “@TrumpFerryPoint: New Gem in the Bronx” Via @paramuspost: “@TrumpSoHo New York Debuts Sizzling Summer Offerings” “Donald Trump To Be In Mason City June 4th” “@TrumpFerryPoint was something we’ve been working on for years and Donald Trump got it to the finish line.” - @rubendiazjr
Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp, Hotel, Ireland, is on 400 beautiful acres &amp, fronts the Atlantic Ocean for 2.5 miles. Spectac!Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Be open to new ideas. Be innovative!
Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
Entrepreneurs: Get--and keep--your momentum going. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Required reading 4 success in politics &amp, life read @kimguilfoyle's book #MakingTheCase. Brilliant Advice ! "@ElvisDuranShow Thanks for calling in @realDonaldTrump. Always a pleasure to chat with you! #ElvisOnTopoftheWorld" And my pleasure, thanks."
“Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - @jack_welch
ObamaCare premiums could jump as high as 51% Common Core is a federal takeover of school curriculum. Depa“Get some face time in The Spa at @TrumpLasVegas” My @greta int. on @FoxNews on how to defeat ISIS, Obama losing ground to ISIS, &amp, Making America Great Again! Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: “Donald Trump: 'We Must Make America Great Again'” "Watch, listen, and learn. You can't know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity." Donald Trump"
Politicians are all talk and no action. Bush and Rubio couldn't answer simple question on Iraq. They will NEVER make America great again!
Good advice from my mother: "Trust in God and be true to yourself." -- Mary Trump
Good advice from my father: "Know everything you can about what you're doing." -- Fred C. Trump
“@jacknicklaus elated at official grand opening of @TrumpFerryPoint” In business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. Time for the US gov't to do the same. Let’s Make America Great Again!
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus
On 800 pristine Miami acres, @TrumpDoral boasts luxurious accommodations, world-class dining &amp, championship golf "A quote from the late, great golfer, Sam Snead: "Practice puts brains in your muscles!" THIS IS TRUE ALSO IN LIFE."
Will be doing @greta interview tomorrow. So much to talk about!
“Everyone's dream can come true if you just stick to it and work hard.” - @serenawilliams
Entrepreneurs: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious--look at the solution, not the problem.
If any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded Iraq then they are unqualified to be Commander-in-Chief.
I will be going to Trump Links at Ferry Point for the official opening of this long delayed (but future NYC treasure) course. Great job "D
"@thehill: Donald Trump on Mexico: "I would build a wall like nobody can build a wall" The middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.They don't care!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
"@geoff_deweaver: Who`s the (social media) King of New York? - I would like to wish everyone, including all haters and losers (of which, sadly, there are many) a truly happy and enjoyable Memorial Day!
Nobody understands politicians like I do - all talk and no action. They will never get our country where it needs to be, truly great again!
"@sintianiej: Yes, this is our next president - Donald Trump. In 2016 election America vote DJT Think BIG! You are going to be thinking anyway, so you might as well think BIG!
I told @megynkelly that @oreillyfactor and I had identical views on a ceA strong America creates oppoOn this Memorial Day holiday, we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. They are our country’s finest.
“Patriotism is suppo"@BHLibeTrump Golf Links at Ferry Point: Grand Opening next Tuesday May 26th at 11 AM. Jack Nicklaus will be joining me. "If I run, and if I win, our country will be great again." - last line of my @SRQRepublicans speech"
Our country is not going to have a comeback with any politician." - my @SRQRepublicans speech
Audience chanting "RUN TRUMP RUN!" during my my @SRQRepublicans speech! They are going to be very happy...
I said don't invade Iraq from the very beginning." - my @SRQRepublicans speech
I am going to save Social Security without any cuts. I know where to get the money from. Nobody else does." - my @SRQRepublicans speech
Via @ABCPolitics by @ajdukakis &amp, @rickklein: "Mr. Trump Goes to Washington And Talks 2016" "Many Republicans suppo"Negotiation is a true talent. It is an a"I would triple the sanctions on Iran if the American pastor is not released." - my @SRQRepublicans speech
I make good deals. That's what I do. I would make great deals for our country." - my @SRQRepublicans speech
Just received huge applause when I said Berghdal should be sent back to Afghanistan! @SRQRepublicans speech is sold out with record crowd.
Wouldn't it be nice if our government could build a wall on the border under budget and ahead of schedule?!" - my @SRQRepublicans speech.
Looking forward to receiving 2015 Statesman of the Year award tonight by @SRQRepublicans. A record 2,000+ sell out Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for.
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effoJust 30 minutes from Manhattan, @TrumpNationalNY is Westchester’s most elite club offering a 7,291 yard course "@JPWV64 @FoxNewsInsider @megynkelly I am with you Mr Trump! I want to make America great again. It can be! Our spirit is not broken"
Via @RealClearNews by @rebeccagberg: “Is the White House Big Enough for Donald Trump?” Flashback: “NYers were grateful when Donald Trump finished ahead of schedule and under budget the Wollman Rink” "Always be prepared to staVia @TWtravelnews by Robe"@millersandra88: @realDonaldTrump @MansfieldRA @FoxNews He is the only one who could save us!!"
.@KirstenPowers New book is excellent and so true! Congrats!
.@megynkelly Will be on Fox now. Watch and enjoy!
I will be interviewed on @megynkelly's The Kelly File tonight. Be sure to watch on @FoxNews!
Yesterday the White House claimed its ISIS strategy is a 'success.' Tell that to the Christians being beheaded. We need to hit ISIS hard!
My @TheBrodyFile int. discussing the persecution of Christians in the Middle East &amp, Religious LibeMy @TheBrodyFile int. from Iowa on how I would build a wall to secure our Southern Border &amp, deduct costs from Mexico Looking forward to being awarded the ‘2015 Statesman of the Year’ by @SRQRepublicans this Thursday. A record 2,000+ attendees-Can't wait!
Via @zpolitics: “Donald Trump Sends Message to @GaRepublicans” I will be interviewed at 7:00 A.M. on @foxandfriends - Enjoy.
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point is a Jack Nicklaus Signature Design 18 hole course, just minutes from Manhattan I had a great time answering as many questions as possible in sixty seconds at @facebook NY today- "@DoomsdayFAN @realDonaldTrump Will make America as successful as his empire! WE NEED TRUMP!"
What people don’t know about Kasich- he was a managing paI now see John Kasich from Ohio- who is desperate to run- is using my line “Make America Great Again”. Typical pol- no imagination!
There is no way my friend Bob Kraft agreed not to appeal the NFL decision without making a deal to at least get something. We love Tom Brady
WOW, SO NICE AND SO TRUE. THANK YOU! "@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump #TRUMP2016 TIME TO RETHINK THE CHOICES "@RealSQUEZZ: VOTE @Realdonaldtrump FOR POTUS SO HE CAN STOP ALL THESE FAKE-ASS POLITICIANS!
With Sen. Elizabeth Dole &amp, @DoleFoundation Caregiver Fellows. Tremendous people caring for our military &amp, veterans! Incredible progress at @trumptowerpde – Punta del Este, Uruguay -- the views are going to be fantastic! “Actions are the seed of fate deeds grow into destiny.” – Harry S. Truman
Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smaTPP does not stop Japan’s currency manipulation &amp, China has a backdoor to join. It must be stopped. We need to protect the American worker!
Via @HuffPostPol by @_under_current: “Donald Trump Will End Outsourcing If President” FLASHBACK via @Reuters from 2004: “Donald Trump Would 'Fire' Bush Over Iraq Invasion” It's called great vision. “Trump: I created tens of thousands of jobs” Remember when Jeb gave Hillary a medal on the 1 year anniversary of Benghazi?! Host of the @PGATOUR &amp, @CadillacChamp, @TrumpDoral is home to 4 unique courses including the famous Blue Monster Congrats to @greggutfeld on his new @FoxNews show! Greg makes great TV and is a terrific guy.
"@G87Mac: @realDonaldTrump Pinnacle of Chicago skyline #TRUMP Via David Ebner re Stanley Cup &amp, Trump poster: “If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big” Gallup finds Des Moines, Iowa, has the highest community pride (76.5) of any large city. Congrats and I agree--I love the place! @DesMoines
Marco Rubio had no idea what he was doing on Chris Wallace show. Said Iraq "was not a mistake." He looked clueless!
"@KuI will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about but not much good news for the U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, ISIS has just taken the City of Ramadi in Iraq. So many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it. Such a waste.
I laugh when I see Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush pretending to "love" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. Typical phony pols
Marco Rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with Chris Wallace @FoxNews concerning our invading Iraq.He was as clueless as Jeb
Jeb Bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded Iraq.He is so confused.Not presidential material!
Via @DMRegister by @brianneDMR:“Trump: Bring back jobs from overseas” "@taylorj0103: I hope and pray- @realDonaldTrump. "@cspanPolitics: .@realDonaldTrump remarks at @IowaGOP #LincolnDinner on @cspan "@1italianhea"@loveb4youdie: Waiting for @realDonaldTrump to announce for president, tired of all these posers" Stay tuned."
Today is armed forces day. Thank you  to our military service members! I love you all!
Received a standing ovation in packed house @MorningsideEdu after Sam Clovis intro! Let's Make America Great Again! "@4kmiddlebrook: DonaldTrump has been Building / Stimulating Cities around the Globe his whole life #WorldChampion #RebuildAmerica" Thanks"
"@frankgaffney: Tomorrow @realDonaldTrump will be speaking at IA Natl Security Action Summit 1:30pm. Join us.#tcot I am in Iowa today, great STATE, fantastic PEOPLE! Many speeches, big crowds - all sold out! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Excited to be speaking at @frankgaffney’s @securefreedom Iowa National Security Action Summit tomorrow at 1:30PM! "Via @Newsmax_Media: "14 Reasons Donald Trump Is Really Running — and Doing Well" "@calisunandsurf: @realDonaldTrump @Packerlegends Donald Trump would be an AWESOME president!"
Looking forward to being interviewed by Sam Clovis tomorrow at @MorningsideEdu in Sioux City at 10AM CT! Let’s Make America Great Again!
"Via @fitsnews by @TaylahhKane:"Donald Trump’s Refreshing Lack Of A Filter" Via @UnionLeader by @tuohy: “Trump inches closer to a decision” Excited to keynote of the sold-out Pottawattamie County Republican Pa.@BillRancic Bill, fantastic job this morning on @foxandfriends - you are a total winner and I am proud of you as first Apprentice CHAMP!
I cannot believe how bad Jeb Bush looks with his insane answer on Iraq, and then his numerous corrections which made him look even worse.
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp, Golf Links Ireland (formerly The Lodge at Doonbeg) is a 5 star reso"@DurandSentinus: Japan has faster trains &amp, better safety. What is wrong with us?? AMTRAK! @realDonaldTrump could easily fix!"
“Failure isn’t fatal, but failure to change might be” – John Wooden
Going to New Hampshire, all sold out crowds. People want real change - POLS WILL NEVER MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
I call Jeb Bush the reluctant warrior --- he just doesn't want to be doing this, he is not having fun!
Who ever heard of a legal conviction statement “more probable than not” against Tom Brady? Sue them, Tom, and make lots of $. @nfl
I hope Tom Brady sues the hell out of the @nfl for incompetence &amp, defamation. They will drop the case against him--and he will win.
You can be an @nfl player with murder charges and not be suspended. Yet with NO EVIDENCE, @nfl targeted Tom Brady. B.S.!
Needed: Leaders who negotiate smaHuge Townhall tomorrow at 5PM in the NH Barrington Middle School! Thanks to @straffordnhgop​ for hosting! Let’s Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to touring the @sigsauerinc world headquaThanks @renee2i for hosting me tomorrow at the Two International Group! Looking forward to making new friends &amp, discussing #FITN topics.
"Donald Trump trademarked Reagan slogan &amp, would like to stop other Republicans from using it" Via @swan_investor by @Forbes: “The Trump Card: Make America Great Again” "@ajbruno14 Thanks, Old Post Office is hidden treasure, woMy major hotel conversion of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. is under budget and ahead of schedule. Should be U.S.A.
We are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to HELL. Time to rebuild the U.S.A.! Tell our stupid politicians, ENOUGH
I am the BEST builder, just look at what I've built. Hillary can't build. Republican candidates can't build. They don't have a clue!
TRAIN WRECK just the beginning. Our roads, airpoRemember, politicians are all talk and NO action. Our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell. The lobbyists &amp, donors control all!
The only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads, airpo"@mark_esque: @bobby2700 @realDonaldTrump Good point. We just really need your help Donald!"
"@JoeTorre: #HappyBiAmtrak crash near Philadelphia, train derails -many huJeb Bush really blew his interview with @megynkelly - should cost him big time. Said he would do the disastrous Iraq war all over again
“Polling strong, Donald Trump staGlad the Trans-Pacific Pa"Via @PRNewswire “Streetsense Brings "The National," a Geoffrey Zakarian Restaurant, to DC's New Trump Intl Hotel” Via @Breitba"Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits." -- Thomas Edison"
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always oppoEntrepreneurs: Be passionate. You have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Wo"@strombolijeff: @realDonaldTrump u are the people's hero. TRUMP 2016 you've got my vote!" Thanks."
One of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits is Chris Cillizza of the Washington Post @TheFix. Moron hates my poll numbers
"@cerrabella: @realDonaldTrump China to build military base in Africa next to critical choke oil transpoWhy do we always try to destroy our true champions and winners in this country, while at the same time leaving the losers alone? STUPID!
People are so jealous of Tom Brady and the Patriots. No cou.@SheriffClarke Great insight in dealing with the media today. You are a wonderful representative of calm and reason, a real pro!
Can you imagine, we spend billions of dollars protecting Saudi Arabia and now the King refuses to even meet with Obama. Great leadership!
They had no definitive proof against Tom Brady or #patriots. If Hillary doesn't have to produce Emails, why should Tom? Very unfair!
Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.” – President Ronald Reagan
Great shot by @KingJames yesterday. Lebron is a tough competitor who delivers under pressure.
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” - Theodore Roosevelt
"@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump One of the Best speeches I have ever heard and it was clearly hea.@foxandfriends in 5 minutes.
Denzel Washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend. From the heaA great job by @RickieFowlerPGA in winning The Players yesterday. Finally, your jealous critics can go to hell! Good luck at The U.S. Open.
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning. Plenty to talk about!
How come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in Mississippi by two deranged animals. DEATH PENALTY!
Big crowds, standing ovations in South Carolina - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My two sons, Eric &amp, Don, have long been expe.@tuckercarlson is doing a really good job on Fox, especially when talking politics. He has come a long way fast!
Leaving for the GREAT STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA now to make a speech about how to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
.@nyrangers did a great job of winning tonight - played like champions!
Thank you @ASavageNation and keep up the great work!
Great job tonight @ericbolling
“Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. When you do that you are passing the test.” - @JoelOsteen
I've dealt w/politicians throughout the world. My deals are multi-faceted transactions which involve many issues. I know the process &amp, win!
Tom Brady would have won if he was throwing a soccer ball. He is my friend and a total winner! @Patriots
Via @fitsnews by Will Folks: “’THE DONALD’ REBUKES OBAMATRADE” “Iowa hirings suggest Donald Trump serious about 2016 White House bid” Via @Newsmax_Media by “Donald Trump: Don't Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority” Via @ArabianBusiness: “@IvankaTrump eyes new projects in Abu Dhabi” for Trump Organization "@Karentalk: @foxandfriends @kilmeade WE KNOW YOU ARE A PATRIOT..WE ARE GRATEFUL FOR YOU..YOU LOVE AMERICA..AMERICA LOVES YOU."
"@DRUDGE_REPO"@Newsmax_Media: Donald Trump: Don't Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority "@foxandfriends: .@kilmeade takes a stroll with @realDonaldTrump .@kilmeade It was great being with you on @foxandfriends this morning. So many people saw and loved the piece. Great work!
Huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut Social Security, Medicare &amp, Medicaid. I will.
I was the first &amp, only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare &amp, Medicaid. Huckabee copied me.
If I run, I will be in all the primary debates and you will see why I am the only one who can Make America Great Again!
The United States needs great deals - and fast. We have to make our country rich again in order to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
.@Franklin_Graham: Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You beautifully stated what most people are thinking! Say hi to all.
Via @DailyCaller by @AlexPappas: “Donald Trump To Blast Obama Trade Pact In Radio Ads: ‘A Bad, Bad Deal’” Via HT Politics "@AyrshireChamber: We got a look round the work being done at @TurnberryBuzz Looking great! #Ayrshire #Wellconnected "@PaleoBuilder: After I complete reading @Schwarzenegger autobiography I will read your book, Trump Never Give Up. You're an inspiration !"
.@PamelaGeller is a total whack job who doesn't have a clue. Don't provoke the enemy, go get them and make them pay. No signals, just do it!
"@FlyOSUBuckeye1:Really hoping you announce a 2016 run soon! @Ford building more factories in Mexico! #EatingOurLunch "@velvet2708: @realDonaldTrump @kristinkgl @megynkelly I'll vote for trump in a heaI hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and RUN FOR PRESIDENT will fight hard for victory if I do!
"@kristinkgl: @megynkelly At this point I'm voting for Trump! @realDonaldTrump" Very smaOur country must get very strong and very tough - and fast, before it is too late. We have zero leadership and never WIN! We want victory.
Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland has been home to four of the greatest Open Championships in history “There can be no libeFollow @TrumpNH for all the updates on my New Hampshire political activities. Looking forward to returning to the Granite State on May 14!
At the foot of Whitestone Bridge in the Bronx @TrumpFerryPoint offers fantastic views of the Manhattan skyline There is incredible progress on the site of Trump Tower Punta del Este, Uruguay, situated on the sands of Playa Brava Our spa @TrumpSoHo gets a nice write-up in @DETAILS: #gotmilk
What would you do if a large group of Muslims had a very public meeting drawing horrible and mocking ca"@HGswiney: Time for @realDonaldTrump to make his big announcement about how he's going to put this country back on track!! #Trump2016 🇺🇸"
Nobody would fight harder for free speech than me but why taunt, over and over again, in order to provoke possible death to audience. DUMB!
#MayThe4thBeWithYou--- here is when DaWith 46-stories and 391 beautiful rooms, @TrumpSoHo offers a wide array of AAA Five Diamond luxury options Thrilled to hear that @RakutenTravelJP has awarded @TrumpWaikiki the 'Rakuten Diamond Award' for the 4th consecutive year! Congrats!
Looking forward to @David_Bossie &amp, @RepJeffDuncan’s @Citizens_United Freed Summit in Greenville, SC this Saturday!
Congress was elected last November to reign Obama in, not to give him ‘fast track’ authority for bad trade deals for the American worker!
Via @washingtonpost’s @goingoutguide by @timcarman: “ @gzchef open the National at the Old Post Office Pavilion” Congratulations to @TrumpNewYork and @TrumpToronto for the @WSJ coverage on perks in luxury hotels: "@AliWilbur: @realdonaldtrump @robinrn Mr.Trump you can beat all candidates im sure of it. You must run" @foxandfriends"
I am the only one that knows how to build cities - pols are all talk and no action. Our cities need help, and fast. They are crumbling!
Just got back from Las Vegas. @TrumpLasVegas Hotel was fantastic in every way, but the fight was a total waste of time. The aggressor lost?
.@FloydMayweather Good luck tonight Floyd.
The racial divide in our country is almost at an all-time high - and getting worse every time you turn on the television.
"@rjispy: @Sweettea2u Great! All @gop @TeaPaBaltimore had a really tough night - only great leadership can solve the many inner-city problems facing our country. Jobs, jobs, jobs!
Plans to build wind farm near Trump Turnberry in Scotland have been dropped. GREAT! @GolfDigest @GolfweekMag @GolfChannel @ESPNGolf
.@canoetravel Also, the very obsolete, ugly and expensive wind turbines will never be build in Aberdeen. No longer works. @GolfChannel
“Trump: ‘Very much inclined’ to enter GOP White House race” Via @DMRegister by @AP: “Donald Trump talks economy with Republicans in DavenpoVia @ConroeCourier by @StephenGreen91:“Trump talks 2016 run, jobs at @TXPatriotsPAC” My @KWWL int. from @WaVia @qctimes by @EdTibbetts: “Trump: U.S. getting beat up” Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- Henry Ford
Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
If the working, proud and productive people of our country don't staWhy is no-one talking about the horrible murder of Ana Charle by ex-con thug West Spruill. Gunned down on street, naked. Why no riots here?
Billions of dollars spent on Baltimore and it's still a total mess. Leadership is needed, not dollars. Our whole country is going to hell!
"@robe.@CGasparino Good seeing you. Keep up the great work, never stop!
#TBT With Steven Spielberg in the old days- a great guy! ".@NicolleDWallace is really hu"@615realjg: Donald Trump Is The Only Man That Understands Life Right Now" Thank you."
I have been a guest on The View many times when it was successful show. Now the show is dying for lack of ratings. Too bad!
They now say using the word "thug" is, like so many other words, not politically correct (even though Obama uses it). It is racist. BULL!
Incredible handheld video of the Las Vegas Strip in 1969. The skyline looks better with @TrumpLasVegas! Thank you @TrumpSoHo @TrumpNewYork for helping me celebrate #agreatcause @MarineCorpsLEF while accepting the Commandant’s Leadership award!
"@RichardIrace @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump Great propeI am going to Iowa today - sold out crowds. People don't want our country ripped-off anymore. Must stop now!
I wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the United States as they watch the disgusting and out of control Baltimore riots?
Hopefully there won't be any problems in Baltimore tonight. Be calm, be cool-do not let anybody get huThe best social program, by far, is a JOB! Our jobs are being taken away from us by China and many other countries - incompetent leader.
President Obama, you have a big job to do. Go to Baltimore and bring both sides together. With proper leadership, it can be done! Do it.
Our country has to come together. We have to sta"@Vanderpunked: Can we drop @realDonaldTrump off in the middle of #Baltimore so he can show Obama how it's done?" I would fix it fast!"
The Mayor of Baltimore said she wanted to give the rioters "space to destroy" - another real genius!
Now that the ineffective Baltimore Police have allowed the city to be destroyed, are the U.S. taxpayers expected to rebuild it (again)?
Our great African American President hasn't exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore!
Via @bostonherald by @ChrisCassidy_BH: “Trump: `The last thing we need is another Bush'” "@woofeous @WMUR9 @NewEngCollege Business leaders such as Donald could easily teach students more in one-hour than in any semester."
My @msnbc int w/ @krystalball at #WHCD on my 2016 timetable, saving Social Security &amp, Making America Great Again! "@BackOnTrackUSA @realDonaldTrump @PageSix @Mohris Semper Fi Donald !!!!"
ICYMI, via @PageSix by @Mohris: “Donald Trump honored at Marine Corps charity gala” Nobody but Donald Trump will save Israel. You are wasting your time with these politicians and political clowns. Best! #SheldonAdelson
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 5 minutes. Then I head to New Hampshire, great people!
"@aI will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine tonight on @FoxNews - Enjoy!
I don't know if Hillary will be able to run, she is a walking time bomb!
.@PennyPritzker Really impo"@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump To fix America requires SUPERMAN but there is ONE BETTER - DJT" We must MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
.@NRO Really impo"@Jackson_Tweets: @realDonaldTrump you will cream Hillary Clinton in a debate!" I create jobs and build, but should be able to do just fine!"
.@NRO Not much is as "dead" or irrelevant as National Review thanks to guidance of Goldberg, a total loser! Get some real talent or fold!
.@WayneDupreeShow A fantastic guy!
"@JamesDriscolli: Awesome entrepreneurial advice from @realDonaldTrump #TrumpAdvice. That's how "Greats" are made. Congratulations to @DanaPerino on your book going to number one on Amazon. Great book - Great job!
How do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? We don't make anything. We are rapidly losing our manufacturing to China etc.
Looking forward to giving keynote speech tonight @ChesterfieldGOP Lincoln-Reagan dinner in Virginia.
Congrats to great golfer @Frostpga on his big win last week. Always been best putter. "Frost Wins for Trump
A beautiful a"@britanniagolf Love the proposed changes for Trump Turnberry's Ailsa Course @realDonaldTrump" Thanks. It will be fantastic!"
.@johnhawkinsrwn Great speaking to you today, we will speak again soon.
"@AP_Politics: Campaigning in New Hampshire, Hillary Clinton says the US economy has 'stalled out.' “Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.” – Michael Jordan @Jumpman23
Why are the Republicans giving Obama fast track authority for TPP and the Iran agreement?! Obama gets more from the GOP than his own paFact – while Jeb was governor &amp, Rubio was House Majority Leader, Florida’s debt more than doubled. Conservatives?
Via @baltimoresun by @ErinatTheSun: “Maryland GOP book Trump for major fundraiser” Via @thehill by @HenschOnTheHill: “Trump says US roads are 'falling apaExcited to be travelling to New Hampshire on Monday. The Granite State is a model for the country. Live Free or Die!
“Trump signs lease for a NH office, returns Monday” .@GeraldoRivera Thanks, my champion Geraldo--and very true.
.@ForbesInspector 5 Star &amp, @TripAdvisor #1 Luxury Hotel @TrumpToronto offers style, luxury &amp, impeccable service "@AMOakabr: DonaldTrump this country needs you to run... need to teach people what the American Dream is again! Ronald Reagan reincarnated!"
Do you notice that the polling establishment doesn't put me in polls, but put in folks who hardly register. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower
I want to negotiate my own, and much better, trade deals for our country. MUST INCLUDE CURRENCY MANIPULATION (and more). DO NOT LET PASS!
ICYMI, my speech from this past Saturday at the @NHGOP @FITNsummit via @cspan "@Bane1349: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait til you enter the race Mr. Trump. Wait till the Fall after the others have beaten themselves up."
Congratulations to the Republicans in Congress. You are the only people Obama can out negotiate. #TimeToGetTough
I'm getting The Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines tonight at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor! @BretBaier
Via @KingwoodNews by @JayRJordan:: “@TXPatriotsPAC gives public a chance to hear Trump speak” Via @GolfMonthly by @jake0reilly: “Trump to build five new holes at @TurnberryBuzz” Looking forward to keynoting @ChesterfieldGOP Lincoln-Reagan Gala this Friday at The Country Club at The Highlands. Sold out record crowd!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Ailsa Course changes: #TrumpTurnberry What a beautiful place! .@JonahNRO You should be totally focused on trying to save the badly failing National Review instead of focusing on me. Work hard! @NRO
.@NRO @JonahNRO Wow, just looked at the stats for National Review. Dying fast, doing very little business. Save this conservative voice!
The reason Ed Schultz said nice things about me is that I’m the only Repub who won't cut Social Security, etc. I’ll make America rich again!
I’m a conservative, but the weakness of conservatives is that they destroy each other, whereas liberals unite to win.
With a stupid guy like Jonah Goldberg who uses “tweeting like a 14 year old girl” to hit me, no wonder the NRO is doing so poorly. @JonahNRO
People have been forced to resign positions for far less than @JonahNRO’s “tweeting like a 14 year old girl”
The Republican Pa.@JonahNRO You stated that I sta“When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat.” – Ronald Reagan
Republicans have once again capitulated to Obama. This time on the Iran nuclear treaty. When will it end?
Via @ConcordNHPatch by @politizine: “Trump: 'We'll Make America Great Again'” Wow, Hillary and Bill are in deep trouble, but don’t worry, my fellow Republicans will let them off the hook. All talk, no action.
Via I guess @edshow is a lot smaWow, really nice, and unexpected, from Ed Schultz. Thank you, Ed! @edshow ".@DanaPerino wrote a wonderful book, “And the Good News is.." Dana has a fabulous perspective on life &amp, politics—go get it!
Glad to see that @PeteRose_14 has been hired by @FOXSpoVia @thehill by @HenschOnTheHill: “Trump: 'I'm disappointed' in many Republicans” "@MSJACKIEWOW: @realDonaldTrump NOBODY TRUMPS TRUMP WHEN IT COMES TO TWEETS...HOLY SH@T UR THE TWEET MASTER...GREAT JOB."
.@stephenfhayes: I heard you were a joke on the media panel this weekend in New Hampshire. You just don't have what it takes! @JoeNBC
National Review @NRO may be going out of business because of the really pathetic job being done by @JonahNRO. No talent means death - sad!
.@megynkelly Sorry, there was only one "breakout star" this weekend in New Hampshire. Just check out the local New Hampshire media!
Jonah Goldberg @JonahNRO of the once great @NRO #National Review is truly dumb as a rock. Why does @BretBaier put this dummy on his show?
As I have long been saying, South Africa is a total - and very dangerous - mess. Just watch the evening news (when not talking weather).
We are stupidly paying Iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. Why isn't this paWe are getting ready to protect Saudi Arabia against Iran &amp, others-sending ships. How much are they going to pay us toward this protection.
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles will be the host in October for the @PGAGrandSlam. "@SkyGlideUSA One of the most elegant and amazing hotels in Vegas. #thetrump hotel. Our company loved it there.@realDonaldTrump" Thank you."
Congratulations to @TrumpSoHo for once again receiving the AAA Five Diamond Award for another year!
Congratulations to @TrumpWaikiki for being selected as "Best of +VIP Access 2014" by @Expedia!
.@weeklystandard I know your business is failing but you should try to get writers far better than @stephenfhayes.
Thank you @JeffJlpa1 and @AmSpec for the wonderful and very true aHow does failed writer and pundit like @stephenfhayes, with no success and little talent, get away with criticizing candidates.
So much dishonest repo"@BenjaminHowling: Donald, our prince! (Daniel 12:1) Don would rather someone else stand up for our people, but they will not, so he will."
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 30 minutes. Some very interesting topics.
Just returned from New Hampshire where the crowd was great-and got a beautiful standing ovation! Wonderful people who truly love the U.S.A.
For all of the haters and losers out there sorry, I never went Bankrupt -- but I did build a world class company and employ many people!
"@BizMotivationTV: Go to work, be sma.@georgewillf is perhaps the most boring political pundit on television. Got thrown off ABC like a dog. At Mar-a-Lago he was a total bust!
I do what I do out of pure enjoyment. Hopefully, nobody does it better. Theres a beauty to making a great deal. It's my canvas.
"@CNBC: 5 family values Donald Trump used to build his empire » "@BretBaier: Don't miss the 2nd half of my interview with @realDonaldTrump over on the blog: .@BretBaier Why do you have George Will on your show - he's exhausted, boring and not even a little relevant! Waste of good air-time!
Looking forward to speaking at 1:30PM tomorrow in Nashua at @NHGOP @FITNsummit!. Let's Make America Great Again! #FITN
For America to be strong again, the ways of politicians must be put in the past. Let’s Make America Great Again! "Via @AmSpec by @JeffJlpa1: "Exclusive: Trump Says Obama Shows ‘Total Desperation’ on Iran" My @FoxBusiness int. w/Don Imus on not drinking alcohol, politicians being all talk and no action &amp, the border ISIS is operating a training camp 8 miles outside our Southern border The Republicans are funding ObamaCare and Amnesty. Obama beats them. "@dennismurino: @realDonaldTrump every Americans dream #trump2016"
.kimguilfoyle - great job tonight!
Jeb Bush - “I am a conservative” = Barack Obama -“If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
America will never be destroyed from the outside.If we falter and lose our freedoms,it will be because we destroyed ourselves. A. Lincoln
Others claim they can make America great again but only one knows The AVia @WalidShoebat: “Watch Donald Trump: He Is Patriotic And He Can Fix America” With our brand new Tennis Performance Center, @TrumpGolfDC offers countless activities along with top courses Mexico’s couRodolfo Rosas Moya and his pals in Mexico owe me a lot of money. Disgusting &amp, slow Mexico couVia @businessinsider by @hunterw: “TRUMP: 'I'm going to surprise a lot of people' in 2016” “UPDATE: Trump plans public event at @WaMy @TeamCavuto int. on simplifying the tax code, our incompetent leaders, Iran and making America great again #TBT Trump and Gekko- "If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader." – John Quincy Adams"
"Via @Reuters: "Donald Trump takes steps toward 2016 presidential run" Our border is being breached daily by criminals. We must build a wall &amp, deduct costs from Mexican foreign aid! We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Our Vets are owed full access to healthcare anytime &amp, anywhere!
The top course on the west coast @TrumpGolfLA overlooks Pacific Ocean &amp, offers a luxurious public golf experience Looking forward to speaking at the @NHGOP #FITN Republican Leadership Summit on Saturday at 12PM! Let’s Make America Great Again!
.@TMobile gives terrible service and has many complaints, just check.
Had a great time in MyVia @postandcourier by @skropf47: “Donald Trump: Don’t politicize Walter Scott shooting” PaVia @kcautv: “Donald Trump Coming to Sioux City in May” Today is April 15th, Obama’s favorite day of the year. T-E-A. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY!
The great @MarianoRivera in my office with my son @EricTrump- "@daytonkreb @realDonaldTrump Come on Donald, #America needs you #CaptainAmerica #Trump2016"
Thank you Massachusetts! #Trump2016 #Supe"@AnjiRabadi: @TrumpChicago I'll be staying here next weekend! Can't wait! @realDonaldTrump @deejaynik @sophiegonerogue #trumplife #cantwait"
"@CalebRapopoMarco Rubio should pick a location that has working air conditioning next time - especially when in Miami - proper plan. Sweating profusely!
"@VillespoEntrepreneurs: Don't be confined by expectations. There are no exact rules for negotiation--try to remain flexible and open to new ideas.
Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility, and it's the ideal situation to strive for.
Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss? Don't negate your own power.
"@tshakro: @realDonaldTrump should run for president! I rather have a smaWill be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning - enjoy!
How do third rate talents with no sma"@PzFeed: The glitziest jet in the sky. Donald spent $100 million on his Boeing 757. VIDEO: "@gkohlschmidt: @slumpcityusa Run Donald Run!!! We are sick of stupid politicians who don't know how to run anything except a campaign!"
Wow, Mitt Romney didn't know that Rand Paul was in the race for president. Very strange! @FoxNews
A great @The Masters. The course looks so beautiful. Fantastic for golf and television ratings!
.@T-Mobile has so many service complaints - a total joke!
Thanks @JamersonHayes, they are all total losers with nothing going for them!
"@MrNicolasBell: @realDonaldTrump @TMobile @JohnLegere @Verizon is the best service provider "@realliamager: L.@TMobile You service is absolutely terrible - get on the ball! @JohnLegere
.@JohnLegere T-Mobile service is terrible! Why can't you do something to improve it for your customers. I don't want it in my buildings.
Without passion, you don't have energy, without energy, you have nothing. Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion!
South Carolina and the audience were GREAT - THANKS!
Thank you very much for the nice story, I greatly appreciate it- Heading to South Carolina now - meeting with fantastic people!
.@RollingStone admitted their scam. Phony @HuffingtonPost and others are no better-- total joke!
.@BretBaier Thank you for the very fair and highly professional segment on me tonight. Many people watched and commented.
The NRA in Nashville today was amazing. Packed house and standing ovation for Trump. THANKS!
.@ericbolling did a fantastic job on O'Reilly tonight. Way to go Eric!
Off to Nashville and the NRA.
.@BretBaier I will be interviewed by Bret (on Fox) tonight at 6:00. Watch, it will be good!
I will be speaking at the NRA event today in Nashville. Many friends will be there.
Will be doing a big interview tonight with Bret Baier at 6:00 P.M. on Fox. Don't miss it!
Record crowd and standing ovation at Simpson College in Iowa- lots of fun, wonderful audience!
On my way to @TrumpSoHo to receive the AAA Five Diamond Award.
I had a great time in Iowa yesterday- record crowds, fantastic people!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Leaving now - I'm spending the entire day in Iowa - great people, great state!
"@kyleRok: Amazing! Trump tennis facility in Loudoun County is gorgeous!! Anything this man does, he does it right. Wow, the respected Monmouth University poll has me ahead of most Republican candidates nationwide, and most people don't think I'm running!
Many journalists are honest and great - but some are knowingly dishonest and basic scum. They should.be weeded out!
How much money is the extremely unattractive (both inside and out) Arianna Huffington paying her poor ex-hubby for the use of his name?
As dishonest as @RollingStone is I say @HuffingtonPost is worse. Neither has much money - sue them and put them out of business!
.@serenawilliams we look forward to being with you, a truly great champion, tomorrow at Trump National D.C. for the Tennis Center dedication
“Obama’s promises on the Iran deal are like him promising ‘if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it’” - @marklevinshow
Via @ProgressIndex: “Donald Trump to deliver keynote address at annual Chesterfield Republican Gala” Via @LasVegasSun by Eugene Dunn: “2016 is the year of Donald Trump” Miami’s top destination, @TrumpDoral’s remodeled Royal Palm Pool offers 18 luxurious cabanas Congratulations to @GatewayPundit on being named the #ROL15 @BreitbaLooking forward to visiting @SimpsonCollege on Wednesday to discuss education. Common Core is an attack on individual &amp, local rights!
Congress must stop Obama’s reckless deal with Iran. The framework is a pathway for Iran to develop nukes.
Will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. ENJOY!
.@ShawnJohnson have a great Easter, you are a real champion!
I wish everyone, including the haters and losers, a very happy Easter!
"@golf_com: .@realDonaldTrump's NYC course just opened, and it is spectacular: Have a fantastic, beautiful and happy Easter everyone and then, when Easter is over, have great wins and triumphs in life. Never give up!
That Saturday Night Live is able to joke about the Germanwings air tragedy is disgusting. They should apologize to all of those suffering!
The Iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the United States and the world. It does nothing but make Iran rich and will lead to catastrophe
Via @CBSNewYork: “@TrumpFerryPoint Opens In The Bronx” "@4kmiddlebrook: #Everyone @realDonaldTrump is the ONLY one who can beat Hillary"
Politicians are all talk and no action. Washington can only be fixed by an outsider. Let’s make America great again! Oil is under $50/barrel. Now is the time to increase sanctions against Iran, not lift them. No deal is better than a bad deal. #AVia @TheTodaysGolfer “Trump @TurnberryBuzz transformation on course” Watch my @oreillyfactor appearance from this week discussing nuclear negotiations with Iran- "@OliverOmrf Very excited to staThank you Georgia!#Supe"@jleec Reading @realDonaldTrump A"@MaryHodgins: For all the AMAZING people in the world with #Aspergers &amp, #Autism. @richardbranson @realDonaldTrump "@MichelleM: Praying for only more success for DJT. An honorable man who knows The A"@Scotspolfed: Friendliness, professionalism &amp, sheer dedication of staff @TurnberryBuzz should be pointed out to the boss @realDonaldTrump"
"@kuhnl1: "@realDonaldTrump: Entrepreneurs: Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur is not a group effoEntrepreneurs: Practice positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. Know that goals come with obstacles.
Entrepreneurs: Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur is not a group effoEntrepreneurs: Realize that success requires 100% effoMust read via @FoxNews by @JaySekulow: “Mr. President: Will you bring home American pastor imprisoned in Iran?” Obama’s offer to Iran will not stop Iran’s breakout capability. It is a bad, desperate deal negotiated from weakness. Pass sanctions!
Washington needs common sense conservative solutions. Let’s make America great again! Via @UnionLeader by @tuohy: “Trump: You're Hired” Via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew: “Donald Trump: Kerry Has to Walk If Iran Doesn't Make Deal” Via @rcpvideo: “Donald Trump on Who He Likes For President: Donald Trump” "@ronsonlocke @realDonaldTrump I passed your Aberdeen Golf Course, looks amazing!" Thanks!"
The townhall question segment of my @WMUR9 Commitment 2016 Conversation @JoshMcElveen "@DanMilosevich @EricTrump @TrumpFerryPoint Impressive - just as Trumps would be as first family. I hope your Dad runs 4 Prez, we need him"
One of the greatest tributes to a father I have ever witnessed--given to the great @jacknicklaus by his wonderful son My friend @ChristianJosi is making a very special LP. Follow him. Conservative leader by day, likely 2015 GRAMMY winner by night. #LEGENDS
Each day that Iran delays the deal, if that is what you call it, we must add another sanction, and make them progressively tough.
Turn on @oreillyfactor now and enjoy true brilliance!
I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Enjoy!
I will be on Bill O'Reilly's show tonight at 8 PM--talking about Iran and politics. @oreillyfactor
Entrepreneurs: Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an oppoEntrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. Be tough, be strong, be tenacious.
Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great oppoThe right leadership can help economy while creating security around the world. Let’s make America great again! “Simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal.” – Think Big
There is only one fix for ObamaCare - REPEAL &amp, REPLACE with a free market oriented alternative!
Via @FoxNewsInsider as seen on @foxandfriends: “Trump: Iran Nuke Talks Should Have Taken One Day” Iran is desperate to develop nukes. Congress must increase sanctions against Iran.
"@FunkyFakir: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump and Condoleezza Rice. What a ticket that would be! The border is wide open for caWe have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
My @WMUR9 Commitment 2016 Conversation with @JoshMcElveen discussing leadership, China, healthcare &amp, veterans Via @gazettedotcom by James Q. Lynch: “Trump to run typical caucus campaign, ‘but bigger’” “US tycoon Donald Trump in talks with Ryanair to bring more flights back to Prestwick AirpoWow, what a nice honor! Via @CBNNews’ @TheBrodyFile: “Poll: Donald Trump in GOP Top Tier for President” “@TurnberryBuzz the jewel in Donald Trump golfing crown” "@Politcswatch: @realDonaldTrump I would call what the Obama Administration has done these two terms a disaster. #foxandfriends"
The road to success is always under construction.-- Arnold Palmer
Looking forward to tonight's Ayrshire Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner 2015 @AyrshireChamber
ICYMI, via @DMRegister by @JenniferJJacobs: “Donald Trump to give Iowa speech on education” “Faster And Cheaper, Trump Finishes NYC Ice Rink @TrumpRink” Message to Obama re: Iran: “The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.” – The A"@Jeff713Jeffrey @FoxNewsInsider I don't care what anyone says I'll take Trump anyday at least he tells the truth and tells it like it is!"
Looking forward to speaking @nranews Convention in Nashville Flashback @FoxNewsInsider July '14:“Trump: Bergdahl Swap Another Mistake By 'Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight'” Entrepreneurs: Successful negotiation means knowing what the other side wants. You've got to know where they're coming from. Pay attention!
Entrepreneurs: When negotiating, don't be an open book. Know that the only person on your side might be yourself.
Entrepreneurs: Seek oppoResolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation.-- @jacknicklaus
Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl should face the death penalty for deseIf Saudi Arabia, which has been making one billion dollars a day from oil, wants our help and protection, they must pay dearly! NO FREEBIES.
Pres. Obama was touting Yemen as a great success story - it just fell. Obama doesn't know what he is doing. Saudi Arabia is in big trouble.
Via @FoxNews: “Trump: Politicians are all talk no action, I'm the opposite” "“Donald Trump launches new men's fragrance-- "Empire" -- @Macys "Because every man has his own empire to build'” "@BrendanMalakym @realDonaldTrump First time in the fabled #trumphotel Toronto - concierge was amazing, &amp, experience is the right word" Thx"
Many people think that WM23 @WrestleMania “the battle of the billionaires” was the greatest of all time—set all records
“Americans are hungry to feel once again a sense of mission and greatness.” – Pres. Ronald Reagan
My @greta int. on @FoxNews with @MELANIATRUMP at OPO discussing my potential candidacy &amp, making America great again Via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew: “Trump on 2016 Run: I Would Self-Fund, Appoint Wall Street ExpeVia @bostonherald by Eugene R. Dunn: “Iran a clear danger” via .@IvankaTrump's Favorite Miami Hot Spots @TrumpGolf @TrumpDoral Jack Nicklaus II gave the best tribute to a parent I have ever heard at yesterday’s Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony honoring @jacknicklaus
Go to @greta show - will be talking about OPO and plenty else - ENJOY!
I am on @greta now!
"@josephangel247 @realDonaldTrump So true after reading the AEntrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude.
Entrepreneurs: Trust your instincts, even after you've honed your skills. They're there for a reason.
Via @dcexaminer by @eScarry: “Donald Trump: @HuffingtonPost 'a very dishonest organization'” My @FoxNews @megynkelly int. on why I am considering running for POTUS, negotiations &amp, making America great again "@MauiJano You have my presidential vote! We need an asse"@Lisaowens1989 @realDonaldTrump please run for president and get our country running better!"
"@megynkelly: #KellyFile behind-the-scenes: Here I am with @realDonaldTrump on set! He joins me at 9p ET – tune in. Will be on @megynkelly tonight at 9:00. WILL BE TALKING ABOUT EVERYTHING!
“In N.H., Trump says his business experience would play well in government” ICYMI, “Raw video: Donald Trump speaks at Rep. Steve Stepanek's Amherst reception” Via @UnionLeader by @tuohy: “Trump says he will decide on a presidential run by June” "@JoanSlavin1 @greigaspinall @johnrich Simply BRILLIANT would never miss it Trump family a credit to society re charitable donations"
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 15 minutes! Enjoy.
"@SamDoyle12 @realDonaldTrump Thanks for the quotes today---a month away of staSuccess is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
Entrepreneurs: Let your actions show that you're the best. See each day as an oppoEntrepreneurs: Learn to be succinct. Can you tell someone your idea in three minutes or less? Be clear and concise.
Entrepreneurs: Set the example, and you'll be a magnet for the right people. That's the best way to work with people you like.
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles fronts the Pacific Ocean and has an 18 hole Pete Dye course. Beautiful! "@moniquehorsey I really love and admire @realDonaldTrump's high level of work ethic &amp, motivation. Very inspiring to entrepreneurs!" Thanks"
.@TrumpSoHo New York has interiors by celebrated design house Fendi Casa and 360 degree views of the city skyline. Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point, an 18 hole public golf course in the Bronx, New York, is opening soon! "@HORPTyler While I'll miss the Celebrity Apprentice Season 15, I think it's great that @realDonaldTrump will try for the White House."
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp, Tower, New York has the perfect Manhattan location &amp, @jeangeorges is the signature restaurant. "@yo_rocky Right now... I would vote for @realDonaldTrump for president."
THE DONALD J. TRUMP PRESIDENTIAL EXPLORATORY COMMITTEE-Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C., is located on 600 acres and fronts the Potomac River. Spectacular!"Corey Lewandowski, Senior Political Adviser: "Mr.Trump has the vision and leadership skills to bring our country back to greatness."
April is Autism Awareness Month, join me in raising awareness - get your “Light It Up Blue” sign here! #LIUB "@WillAA99: @realDonaldTrump For The Love of The United States of America don't let another Bush or Clinton in Office! Run Donald Trump Run!"
"@playazball: @JoshCalebKing @BestBergerEver @realDonaldTrump and the Irish love Trump! Entrepreneurs: See yourself as an organization. Pay attention to every facet of your life. What's strong? What's weak? What's missing?
Entrepreneurs: We win in our daily lives by being careful with every day, every moment.
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Make your work count.
"@foxesbA: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends My favorite pa.@foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
Boy did Pharrell &amp, Robin Thicke get screwed. The Marvin Gaye song sounds nothing like theirs. Get new lawyers fast!
Entrepreneurs: There are no guarantees, but being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard &amp, then establish it. Simple, but not easy. Focus!
Entrepreneurs: A winning attitude will put things in perspective. Keep negative thoughts &amp, people where they belong--out of the big picture.
Wow, little Mac Miller has almost 100 million views on his song, "Donald Trump." Keep pushing Mac and come up with another hit - just do it!
Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C. will be one of the world's top luxury hotels The problem with the U.S. is that our leadership has no knowledge or ability to negotiate or see into the future. Every nation beats us!
Just as I have been saying for MANY years, and while they phony negotiate with the U.S. over nuclear, Iran is taking over Iraq. Really sad!
“‘THE DONALD’ GOT A MUSKET” "@JorgeQB22: "@realDonaldTrump: Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big paEntrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big paEntrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
"@kenzig: Time to throw your hat in the ring Mr. Trump. Currently we have a liar, a repeat, overzealous tea paGET READY!! The #TrumpFerryPoint tee sheet opens TODAY @ 10am EST on our website for April 1st-30th! @TrumpFerryPoint
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral recieved rave reviews from both players and architectural critics following the Cadillac WGC.Thanks
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- Benjamin Franklin
Trump International Hotel &amp, Tower New York has received great acclaim, as has our signature restaurant, Jean Georges "@ricd384: The United States of America needs a real man in the oval office. Mr. Donald Trump, America is ready for you. Lets do it'"
"@JxCookie96 @realDonaldTrump I really appreciate your tips. Just staEntrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs: Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor.
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of a"@scapesrus @realDonaldTrump @TrumpDoral The course looks magnificent !" Thank you."
The Blue Monster @TrumpDoral was a sensation over the weekend. Really tough but players &amp, critics alike loved it.
.@Kstupples Thanks for the nice comments on Trump National Doral. I’ve long been your fan—now am an even bigger fan! @TrumpDoral
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 5 minutes.
"@Luigiboria: Extraordinario ConcieToday's final round of the WGC Cadillac Championship will be amazing. A lot of pressure on leader, who has played great. Big names hunting!
Golf is a game of respect and spoI have a tip that can take 5 strokes off anyone's golf game. It's called an eraser. -- Arnold Palmer
The harder you work, the luckier you get. -- Gary Player
Mexico's cou"@DNorrell: @realDonaldTrump we need you in Washington. We've got dopes running the show on both sides of the isle. VERY TRUE!"
Ringling Brothers is phasing out their elephants. I,for one, will never go again. They probably used the animal rights stuff to reduce costs
Every spoBecause of Rodolfo Rosas Moya, who owes me lots of money, Mexico will never again host the Miss Universe Pageant.
Despite Mexico's interest in again hosting the Miss Universe Pageant, it will be because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya that it will never happen.
I hope the Mexican judge is more honest than the Mexican businessmen who used the couTrump to host #Oscars? The mark of a great player is in his ability to come back. The great champions have all come back from defeat. -- Sam Snead
Placing the ball in the right position for the next shot is eighty percent of winning golf. -- Ben Hogan
Trump National Doral will have big crowds this weekend for the WGC. THE BLUE MONSTER IS READY FOR THE WORLD'S TOP FIFTY PLAYERS!
"@mbabramson: @realDonaldTrump Why are you the only candidate who discusses US trade imbalances with other countries? It's impoThe object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman, and win. -- Phil Mickelson
Concentration is a fine antidote to anxiety. -- Jack Nicklaus
The road to success is always under construction. -- Arnold Palmer
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- Gary Player
"@chubby6665: Legends on the wall in my bathroom at Trump Doral ..The refurb here is sensational, great venue! All 50 of the WORLD'S TOP 50 PLAYERS will be at TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL on Thursday - Sunday for the Cadillac World Golf Championship.
Trump International Hotel &amp, Tower, Vancouver, will be a fantastic addition to a spectacular city. Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smaEntrepreneurs: Don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best. You haven't-- so don't limit yourself!
Entrepreneurs: Follow your instincts and keep your focus intact. You alone know where you really want to go.
Entrepreneurs: Paying attention can be a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always oppoVia @WashTimes by @SethMcLaughlin1: “Donald Trump: I want to run for president ‘so badly’” "Via @OceanDriveMag by @SuzMcGeeNYC: "Q&amp,A: Ivanka Trump on the Business of Golf &amp, the Championships" "Via @BreitbaVia @dcexaminer by @rebeccagberg: “Trump: 'I'm the only one who can beat' Hillary”"Via @bpolitics by @BetBrod “Trump sets an aggressive tone as he insisted he's serious about running for POTUS." “@WestJournalism Exclusive – We Asked Donald Trump What Jobs He Would Offer ISIS” "@KeatsBen: @realDonaldTrump Good Evening Mr President! @realDonaldTrump"
Be sure to watch my #CPAC2015 speech with intro by @DLoesch and a Q&amp,A with @seanhannity "Via @washingtonpost by @jdelreal: "About that Donald Trump speech at CPAC ..." "Via @CBSNews by @ReenaJF: "Donald Trump scolds Republicans: 'Toughen up'" "Via @PPDNews: "Donald Trump: ‘I Am Not Doing This For Fun,’ We Can’t Fix U.S. ‘Unless We Put Right Person’ In WH"Via @Breitba"Via @NRO by @LovelaceRyanD: "Trump Slams Bush: ‘I Don’t See Him Winning, I Don’t See There’s Any Way’" "Donald Trump ready to end @ApprenticeNBC for White House run" "Via @TIME by @lullintheaction: "#REALTIME: Donald Trump Weighs a 2016 Run At #CPAC2015" Interview w/Melanie Batley via Newsmax "Via @UnionLeader by @tuohy: "Trump hires Lewandowski as presidential run eyed" Via @DailyCaller by @alweaver22:“Trump: Obama One Of ‘The Worst Things That’s Ever Happened To Israel’” Via @washingtonpost by @costarepoTrump Int'l Hotel, Washington D.C.: The iconic Old Post Office Building will be one of the world's great hotels. So many people are angry at my comments on Mexico—but face it—Mexico is totally ripping off the US. Our politicians are dummies!
'Good Chance' Trump Will Run for President" "Via @Breitba"@Sethanatorr:Trump should run for president. We need him. Obama has accomplished nothing. We all know Mr. Trump knows how to get stuff done
The Mexican legal system is corrupt, as is much of Mexico. Pay me the money that is owed me now - and stop sending criminals over our border
Trump International Golf Links and Hotel, Ireland, is located on the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare. Spectacular! Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles is situated on the Palos Verdes Peninsula overlooking the Pacific Ocean... The evening news broadcasts must stop talking about weather—boring and too many other topics.
I could fix tv talk shows that are doing poorly—there is tremendous talent out there waiting to be tapped—and nobody sees it!
Put the glamour, beauty &amp, mystery back in the Oscars and the ratings will zoom. Also, &amp, most impoI told everybody the Oscars were no good—Nielsen ratings confirmed, one of the lowest ratings in history.
The @HuffingtonPost is a total joke &amp, laughing stock of journalism, as is gross Arianna Huffington. They don’t repoI have a lawsuit in Mexico’s corrupt couThe Oscars were a great night for Mexico &amp, why not—they are ripping off the US more than almost any other nation.
The talks between the U.S. and Iran are going on forever, WORLD'S LONGEST NEGOTIATION. Obama has no idea what he is doing - incompetent!
I told you the Oscars were terrible—bad look, bad talent—and among the lowest ratings in show’s history. "@JPNwrites The Oscars can learn a lot from the Miss Universe pageant. @realDonaldTrump" True!"
Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Believe in yourself--if you don't, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals -- and see each day as an oppoEntrepreneurs: Review your work habits and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't become complacent!
My @Live5News int. with @WilliamLive5 in South Carolina with @citadelgop cadets on my 757 discussing 2016 "@TalismanJohnnyA: Waiting to see you at CPAC. Wish your segments were about 5 minutes longer though on Monday mornings #foxandfriends"
The Oscars are a sad joke, very much like our President. So many things are wrong!
What ever happened to the good old days of The Academy Awards. This show is an insult to the past, just plain bad!
Worst graphics and stage backdrop ever at the Oscars. Show is terrible, really BORING!
Going to The Citadel tonight - getting The Nathan Hale Patriot Award. Very nice!
Donald Trump promises 'world-class' Crandon Park golf course" "Via @MiamiHerald by Bill Van Smith: "@jacknicklaus reminisces amid honor at @TrumpDoral" "@julsberg1723: @realDonaldTrump @toddinwichita I'll sign up too. Where? When? I'm ready.
Entrepreneurs: Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. Remember to focus on the solution--not the problem.
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve. Have your own vision and stick with it!
Entrepreneurs: Difficulties, mistakes &amp, setbacks are an inevitable paReceiving the Algemeiner Libe.@TrumpDoral will be featured on @GolfChannel this morning (now).
Via @businessinsider by @BKcolin: “Donald Trump called the White House and offered to help fix the BP oil spill” Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
Via Gov. Scott Walker just left my office--we had a really wonderful talk. Very interesting! @GovWalker
Congrats to @cheflents of TrumpCollection's #TrumpChicago on being a James Beard semifinalist: Entrepreneurs: Ignorance is not bliss, it's fatal. It's costly. Pay attention or get crushed. Watch, listen and learn.
Entrepreneurs: Pay attention to your negotiation skills. It's all about persuasion, and persuasion is power.
Entrepreneurs: It's often to your advantage to be underestimated.
Record setting cold and snow, ice caps massive! The only global warming we should fear is that caused by nuclear weapons - incompetent pols.
President Obama and our negotiators are failed checker players playing against Grand Master Chess champions. Very sad to watch!
"Via @fitsnews: "The Donald Trump Show Is Returning To SC: BILLIONAIRE MOGUL HEADS BACK TO PALMETTO STATE" Looking forward to being honored at @citadelgop’s Patriot Dinner with @SenatoVia @Newsmax_Media by Cathy Burke: “Donald Trump on 2016 Bid: On Scale of 1-10 I'm 'Much More Than Five'” My joint @seanhannity int. on @FoxNews with @GeraldoRivera recapping @ApprenticeNBC &amp, discussing the 2016 election The Great Irish Links Challenge @Trump_Ireland &amp, Lahinch Golf Club is coming this June. Don’t miss it. Among the lowest temperatures EVER in much of the United States. Ice caps at record size. Changed name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE
The winner of Best in Show at the Westminster Kennel Club Show, Miss P, will be coming to my office this morning.
By @kwrcrow: “NY Post caught 'LYING' Again!” "@iCodyTV: Go to work, be sma"@StephPhipps9733: #CelebApprentice #CelbrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump Loved your choice for winner this season! Awesome job! Xoxo!
Jusr arrived at the studio - the place is going wild! LIVE AT 8 P.M. #CELEBRITYAPPRENTICE
Paulina @MissUniverse Vega will be introduced tonight at the Finale of Celebrity Apprentice.She is a great beauty and a monster star in S.A.
"Via @wsoctv by @BlairWSOC9: "EXCLUSIVE: Donald Trump talks possible presidential run"Apprentice will be amazing tomorrow night!
Wow, 25 degrees below zero, record cold and snow spell. Global warming anyone?
.#Celebrityapprentice will be live tomorrow night. Entire cast will be there. Who do you like to win?
As a former host of Saturday Night Live, I look forward to attending tonight!
Record low temperatures and massive amounts of snow. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING?
Congratulations to @TrumpNewYork @TrumpChicago @TrumpWaikiki @TrumpToronto on your Forbes Five-Star ratings @ForbesInspector
I look forward to attending Saturday Night Live on Sunday night. I am sure it will be a great show. @nbcsnl I still don’t know who I’m going to choose. @GeraldoRivera or @LeezaGibbons? Who do you like? @ApprenticeNBC
The entire cast will be back for the live finale of @ApprenticeNBC Monday night at 8 PM
.#CelebrityApprentice Two hour live show on Monday night will determine who will become the winner of Celebrity Apprentice.Full cast returns
"@PerryGolf: Top 100 Golf Courses @golf_com "@RPTurnberry: @TurnberryBuzz @EricTrump @realDonaldTrump one of the million reason to stay at Trump Turnberry "@RPTurnberry: @TurnberryBuzz cocktail time at Trump Turnberry "@TurnberryBuzz: Today is a memorable day, the team has begun to turf our new pitch &amp, putt! "@RealDonaldTrump stands in defense of @ScottWalker's college record @DraftWalker16 Donald J. Trump stands in... "Via @Breitba#TBT With @britneyspears "@LuckyShaut @realDonaldTrump If I could only read one of your books, which one would you recommend?" The AEntrepreneurs: See each day as an oppoEntrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better.
Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach is one of the great palazzos of the world, with a fantastic history. Trump National Golf Club, Jupiter, is close to Palm Beach and designed by Jack Nicklaus--a masterpiece of a course. Who should win Celebrity Apprentice on Monday night? Show will be telecast LIVE!
"@PrabhuSadasivam: Inspiring! Determination &amp, perseverance will pay off @WorldNewsPress1 The Success of Donald Trump Let Pete Rose into the Hall of Fame now - 35 years is enough!
Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp, Hotel, Ireland, fronts the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare for 2.5 miles. Extraordinary! Entrepreneurs: Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. Don't sell yourself shoEntrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
Entrepreneurs: Listen and learn from others, but make your own decisions. Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude!
Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C. is situated on 600 acres overlooking the Potomac River. Beautiful! "@Addictd2Success: The Success of Donald Trump - "@nikkoarganese23: @realDonaldTrump you the truth!! I love you"
Brian Williams, who is not the nice guy that people think he is, has now become totally irrelevant. He will never again hold cou"@ericleebow: Learning that you were once 900 million in debt at one point can make any entrepreneur a believer. Amazing success story."
I have long stated that Brian Williams was not a very sma"@Mack_Theresa: Your family is beautiful. This is the 1st season that I have watched #celebrityapprentice. Gosh, I hope Leeza wins!"
“Donald Trump Congratulated on @foxandfriends for Receiving the @Algemeiner’s ‘LibeVia @BostonDotCom by @lilsarg: “Donald Trump on Snow, Salt, Vaccines, and the Oval Office” Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effoEntrepreneurs: Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an aVia @foxnewslatino by @GeraldoRivera: “@ApprenticeNBC Diary: And Now There Are Two” The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes
With America's debt topping $21T by the end of his presidency, Obama will have effectively bankrupted our country. @davidaxelrod
Why did @oreillyfactor give @davidaxelrod so much time to sell his third rate book. Bill should have hit stammering David MUCH harder! Waste
.@davidaxelrod I hope your book is better than the Obama second book, but it is inaccurate as it pe.@davidaxelrod, use Buffet, Icahn, Sam Zell, Leon Black, Kravis, Caesars and many more when talking about using the bankruptcy laws, not me!
Watched @davidaxelrod on @oreillyfactor and the dog hit me even after I made a big contribution to his charity. I never went bankrupt!
Trump Int'l Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland. A legendary course ... and rightly so. "@auggerdogger: @realDonaldTrump my son didn't know who Meatloaf was so showed him "Paradise by Dashboard lights" "@Sho"@annmcg01: DonaldTrump: Don’t forget to watch @ApprenticeNBC tonight—you will love it! 8 PM on NBC. #CelebApprentice” Wouldn't miss it!"
At your request, I will be doing live tweeting during tonight’s @ApprenticeNBC. #CelebApprentice
Don’t forget to watch @ApprenticeNBC tonight—you will love it! 8 PM on NBC. #CelebApprentice
Via @Newsmax_Media by @wandacarruthers: "Donald Trump: US Defeating ISIS Only in John Kerry's Imagination" Via @WashTimes By Eugene Dunn: “Trump could lead U.S. forward” "@manofsteel619: @realDonaldTrump please run and save us in 2016!!!!
"@llhegaCelebrity Apprentice is nearing the end of a wonderful and very successful season. Watch tonight at 8:00.
Donald Trump plans return to Iowa "Via @postandcourier: "The Donald at @TheCitadelOEA" "@Newsmax_Media: Trump's Brand Gives Him 2016 Mojo "@CDNRationale: @realDonaldTrump @Newsmax_Media @dpatten32 Time for Trump to take charge of the greatest brand in the world, the USA!
I predicted Rosie O'Donnell would fail at the View, and was right. Now I predict Rosie will take over for Brian Williams!
Word is that Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd, who has failed so badly with Meet the Press, will be taking over for now irrelevant Brian Williams!
Via @Newsmax_Media by @dpatten32: “Trump's Brand Gives Him 2016 Mojo” "By @kwrcrow: "Hey Washington Post, ‘Only You Hate Donald Trump’ or 'Is it FEAR?'" "@Doris22: Happy BiThe golden rule of negotiation: He who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
My father's 4 step formula for success: "Get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out." -- Fred C. Trump
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- Benjamin Franklin
"@EdgarCalderonMX @realDonaldTrump "The AVia @Breitba“@Algemeiner Honors @Joan_Rivers, Donald Trump, @YuliEdelstein at Second Annual ‘Jewish 100′ Gala” Entrepreneurs: Be a cautious optimist. I call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
"Via The Washington Times "Mr. Trump buzzes the presidential radar" Entrepreneurs: Having a product requires something very impoEntrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
It's not that I'm so smaI just answered my Facebook fan's questions in the latest #AskTheDonald- watch the video- "@JordanStasi Mr. Trump, as a young sales professional. What one of YOUR BOOKS would you recommend I read?" Sta"@dcska: @realDonaldTrump@MDMSEO @ApprenticeNBC Best Apprentice ever BTW! Just needed more Gilbe"@scottyboyhmfc: @realDonaldTrump @BBC a bit behind with apprentice UK but a"@marilouztweets: @realDonaldTrump thank you for being so gracious. Beautiful hotel. #Doral "@SarahLynEllis: The Donald fired THREE people this past episode 😱 @realDonaldTrump that's why he's the best! #CelebrityApprentice"
Via @NewYorkObserver by @Bshapiro91: “Donald Trump, @MelRivers Headline @Algemeiner Gala” Trump Int'l Hotel &amp, Tower, Toronto. #1 in all of Canada. Via @Zawya: “Trump home paMust read opinion piece by @Gallup CEO Jim Clifton: “The Big Lie: 5.6% Unemployment” Entrepreneurs: Be curious. Discovery breeds discovery, just as success breeds success. Don't sell yourself shoEntrepreneurs: See each day as an oppoEntrepreneurs: Don't put blinders on or limit yourself. Reach out, seek and explore. The oppoTrump Int'l Hotel &amp, Tower Chicago has won many awards &amp, accolades, as has Sixteen, its signature restaurant. Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point in the Bronx, NY, will open soon. A Jack Nicklaus Signature Design. Beautiful. We’re worried about waterboarding as our enemy, ISIS, is beheading people and burning people alive. Time for us to wake up.
Via @Entrepreneur by @MDMSEO : “8 Lessons for Entrepreneurs That @ApprenticeNBC Emphasizes” "@WeLoveTheDonald @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump Such handsome men! Great pic!" Thank you."
#CelebApprentice With three wonderful, but fired, contestants- Congratulations @TrumpNewYork for being named in @CNTraveler’s Top 10 US Hotels for Business Travelers! Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C. is on 600 beautiful acres fronting the Potomac River. A fantastic setting! Entrepreneurs: Is the problem a blip or a catastrophe? Keep things in perspective. Learn to expect problems and keep moving forward.
Entrepreneurs: Money is not always the bottom line: it can be a score card, not the final score.
Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to eaAre all the illegals pouring into our country vaccinated? I don't think so. Great danger to U.S.
MUST READ @IBDeditorials: “President Obama's Amnesty At Any Price” "@A"@omoadesokan: "What matters is where you want to go. Focus in the right direction!" -- Donald @realDonaldTrump #_WojuBeforeYouVote"
Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00.
"Via @bizjournals by @BrandonSawalich: "3 lessons about loyalty that I learned from Donald Trump" Remember, tonight's 8 o’clock episode of Celebrity Apprentice is the best ever—you will see nothing like it on tv. @ApprenticeNBC
Trump National Golf Club, Los Angeles, on the Palos Verdes Peninsula overlooking the Pacific Ocean--spectacular!Entrepreneurs: Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net wo"@iadoreem @realDonaldTrump Great job on Tv this morning." Thanks."
Entrepreneurs: Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
Entrepreneurs: Set your mind on winning and losing won't have a chance. See yourself as victorious!
Tonight's episode of @ApprenticeNBC is not only the best episode ever, it has a great lesson in life. Don't miss it!
My @foxandfriends int. @FoxNewsInsider “'Once a Choker, Always a Choker': DJT Takes Credit for Romney Dropping Out” "@AuthorKnox: @ApprenticeNBC Pete Carroll need to be added to the show, worst play call in Superbowl History @realDonaldTrump fire his ass!"
It must have been President Obama that called in what will go down as the DUMBEST PLAY IN THE HISTORY OF FOOTBALL. Same thought process!
I wonder if Marshawn Lynch will now speak and call some coach a moron for not allowing him to run the ball three times for one yard?
Love that Patriots won - Brady is best ever! Seahawks pass was DUMBEST play in the history of football! Great going COACH B!
Via @globegazette by John Skipper: "No"@calenih71: @realDonaldTrump I am sick of Geraldo😁😁
"@OH2BINAZ: @realDonaldTrump Kenya is a diI'm looking forward to the Super Bowl but looking even more forward to Monday night at 8:00 - best episode EVER of Celebrity Apprentice!
Via @eonline:"@IvankaTrump Wears @MissUniverse 2014's $300,000 Crown, Nails Beauty Pageant Winner Look" “@BrandiGlanville, @KenyaMoore, Talk @ApprenticeNBC Feud” “Donald Trump: 'I Will Take Full Credit' for Romney Dropping Out” "@DaRealKhefner: @realDonaldTrump you have my vote 👋
I hope you can go to @oreillyfactor and vote for Donald Trump in order to Make America Great Again! Thanks.
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- Henry Ford
Now that Mitt is gone, all we have to do is get Bush to drop out and Trump to run—and we will win!
When I broadly proclaimed Mitt “choked” – and would do it again—everybody said yeah, he’s right.
I will take full credit for Mitt Romney dropping out of the race—looks like he won’t be endorsing Trump any time soon.
“President Trump?” Mitt did the right thing—not because he had to-- but because he never would have been given a second chance after his first fiasco
Everyone is saying the bad news is that Donald Trump is going to take credit &amp, they are right—Mitt wouldn’t have won anyway.
Via @MiamiNewTimes by @Munzenrieder : “Doral Mayor Declares Emergency to Give Donald Trump Key to the City” Trump Int'l Hotel &amp, Tower Vancouver will be a new landmark in a fantastic city Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated with.
Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and then establish it.
Entrepreneurs: Knowledge requires patience, action requires courage. Put patience and courage together and you'll be a winner .
My int. on @FoxNews’ @oreillyfactor: “Donald Trump, presidential politics and 'The Factor'” Trump Int'l Golf Links Ireland in County Clare fronts the Atlantic Ocean &amp, is #1 ResoCongrats to @TrumpWaikiki, celebrating 51 consecutive months as the #1 Honolulu Hotel on @TripAdvisor!
Fallout from Iowa: Trump Speech Drew Greatest Response" "Via @Newsmax_Media: "Trump, @oreillyfactor Make Up After Digs at Each Other" "@BWW_NYC: Major Jewish Newspaper to Pay Tribute to Joan Rivers &amp, Donald Trump Next Month... "@DylanC98: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait to see the beautiful @TrumpDoral on live TV Mar. 5-8, in the promo the Blue Monster looked stunning!
"Via @BreitbaEntrepreneurs: There are no guarantees. But being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Do your due diligence!
Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big paEntrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Listen, apply and move forward. Set the standard!
Many people are saying it was wonderful that Mrs. Obama refused to wear a scarf in Saudi Arabia, but they were insulted.We have enuf enemies
.@oreillyfactor - bad and very deceptive journalism. Show must be heading in wrong direction, too bad! @SarahPalinUSA
.@SarahPalinUSA was 100% correct when she stated that @oreillyfactor used us in day long tease to get people to watch, but we were not on!
“Donald Trump 2016: 7 Political Stances of GOP Presidential Hopeful” "@pgatimmyd @nypost They are morons Mr. Trump, I heard your speech it was excellent. EXACTLY what America needed to hear!" Thanks."
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smaEntrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Congratulations are in order! @TrumpPanama ranks #5 Top Hotel in Panama by @TripAdvisor's #TravelersChoice Awards! #TrumpVlog Obama- stop chewing gum! "My parents:"Trust in God and be true to yourself." -- Mary MacLeod Trump"Know everything you can about what you're doing." Fred C. Trump"
.@TrumpCollection continues to deliver the goods Surprise, @oreillyfactor used my name big league in pre-ads to promote the show—then talked about everyone else but me!
#IndianaJones and #Ghostbusters- what's wrong??? "@JayDevereaux Ok Mr @realDonaldTrump, get beyond talking and sta"Via @njdotcom by Eugene R. Dunn, Medford: "Donald Trump towers over GOP field" “Trump: 'Never Give Up' on Farmland Value Rally” Which National Costume do you think should win? "@Dadeque: @realDonaldTrump The grey sofa don't match, Sir... but It is just my taste." I agree, but @IvankaTrump likes it - too bad."
"@marklevinshow: Excellent aGetting ready to go on @KellyandMichael - two great people!
"I guess RupeWow, I have always liked the @nypost but they have really lied when they covered me in Iowa. Packed house, standing O, best speech! Sad.
Going over to @ABC to do LIVE at 9:00.
"Via @Newsmax_Media: "Trump: I'd Be Better 'Meet the Press' Host Than 'Moron' Chuck Todd" Congratulations to the 7 @TrumpCollection prope.@Lord_Sugar How did you enjoy Mar-a-Lago? It was nice having you there--my people thought you were terrific!
So many people have told me that I should host Meet the Press and replace the moron who is on now. Just too busy, especially next 10 years!
Apprentice = big hit. Miss Universe = Big hit. I always get big ratings. If I hosted Meet the Press instead of Sleepy Eyes,a smash! @NBCNews
I am convinced that sleepy eyes Chuck Todd was only a placeholder for someone else at Meet the Press. He bombed, franchise in ruins! @nbc
"President Obama, our great leader, wants to declare maWow, the final ratings for the Miss Universe Pageant show that it won in all key demos - number one on Sunday. I have a winner!
As usual, the "storm of the century" was not nearly as bad as forecast. What a waste of time, energy and money!
"@RealityTVBliss: @GeraldoRivera brings great enteAll new @ApprenticeNBC staWatch Celebrity Apprentice, on NOW!
Celebrity Apprentice in 15 minutes - don't miss it!
Two of the best ever episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 8. Totally vicious and crazy! I will live tweet.
Where the hell is global warming when you need it?
Why do people give @KarlRove contributions when they know he is a loser who has no idea how to win? $ave your $. Don’t invest in @KarlRove. He doesn’t have a clue. .@VenueMagazine_ highlights the opening of @TrumpDoral's brand new #RedTiger course: .@MissUniverse ratings were great! A big win and a wonderful night! Via @DMRegister :“@brentroske on Politics: Trump Talks Iowa” A huge honor for @TrumpToronto for being named #1 Luxury Hotel in Canada by @TripAdvisor's #TravelersChoice Awards Via @BreitbaGet ready for the Apprentice tonight - TWO AMAZING EPISODES. I will be live tweeting!
Don't miss the #MissUniverse Pageant tonight at 8/7c with performances by @NickJonas @PrinceRoyce and @GavinDeGraw "Donald Trump: Jeb Bush's Suppo"Via @NYDailyNews by Rich Schapiro: "Donald Trump slams Mitt Romney, Jeb Bush" "@bgoudyGCC: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews Can't wait to see #SleepyEyes on the next #CelebrityApprentice. Oh wait, he would have to be a celeb"
Word is that @NBCNews is firing sleepy eyes Chuck Todd in that his ratings on Meet the Press are setting record lows. He's a real loser!
My speech at yesterday’s @SteveKingIA @Citizens_United Iowa Freedom Summit .@MannyPacquiao and friends at @TrumpDoral Via @Breitba"@marino_joanna: DonaldTrump you would have my vote! It's time we stop electing lawyers and get strong business men in the executive office"
“Trump: 'Seriously Considering' a Presidential Bid” “Trump: ‘No way’ Bush, Romney would win in 2016” Thanks to @SteveKingIA for the kind introduction at the IA Freedom Summit &amp, congrats to @David_Bossie &amp, @Citizens_United on a great success!
Via @thehill by @timdevaney: "Donald Trump: GOP nominee ‘can’t be Mitt, can’t be Bush'" "Via @DMRegister by @WilliamPetroski: "Trump: I can make America great again" "Via @ABCPolitics by @rickklein: "Trump Blasts Romney, Bush, Says GOP Has 'Nobody Like Trump'" With @C_Soules from #TheBachelor in Iowa- "Via @DMRegister by @JenniferJJacobs: "Trump to hand out Trump memorabilia at Iowa summit" "Trump rails on Romney as possible 2016 contender" "@dcfoodsafety: @realDonaldTrump mr. Trump do you have a favorite for the Super Bowl coming up what is your pick? Coach B, Brady and Kraft!
"Via @DMRegister by @JenniferJJacobs: "Trump: 'I would've won the race against Obama'" You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -- AlbeWith oil below $50, the blighted views by windfarms of historic @CulzeanCastle will be very sad. #SaveCulzean Just leaving for @LandExpo in Iowa--standing room only. My great honor. @PeoplesCompany Just been informed by @nbc--they want to extend the run of the @ApprenticeNBC by two shows because it is doing so well. Two hours live.
Which National Costume do you think should win? Which National Costume do you think should win? Which National Costume do you think should win? Which National Costume do you think should win? #TBT With the wonderful actor Jack Nicholson Entrepreneurs: Everything staEntrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Put everything you've got into what you're doing.
Entrepreneurs: Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.
They just arrested pol Shelly Silver in New York. Why aren’t they arresting a far bigger crook --@AGSchneiderman?
The new winter menu @SixteenChicago @TrumpChicago explores the evolution of fine dining - @RobbRepoJust watched @Patriots Bill Belichick’s news conference. He did a great job—smaOnly those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. -- T. S. Eliot
The secret of getting ahead is getting staDress your best! The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys, offers the tops style in menswear Congress, use the power of the purse. STOP AMNESTY!
Congratulations to @joniernst on delivering a strong conservative message in her #SOTU response. Joni will be a great senator.
Via @examinercom by @Mellyora13: “Trump: Was Benghazi the result of incompetence or something more sinister?” Via @LatinoVoices by @CaritoJuliette: “Meet The Latina 2014 @MissUniverse Candidates” Be sure to watch highlights from the record setting 14th season of @ApprenticeNBC here ICYMI, my speech this past Monday at the South Carolina Tea PaI look forward to attending &amp, speaking at the Iowa Land Investment Expo—total sellout crowd "Miss Israel and Miss Lebanon- "no more fighting!" #TrumpVlog #MissUniverse Based on new oil prices, the ugly windfarms being built in Scotland will quickly die! What a mess!
If Scotland would have gone independent predicated on $100 - $150 oil, they would now be bust!
With @shawnjohnson and @lorenzolamas from @apprenticenbc- two great people! Congratulations to @TrumpChicago and @SixteenChicago for receiving the @AAANews Five Diamond Award again this year!
ICYMI, @IvankaTrump’s int. on @TODAYshow discussing @Joan_Rivers &amp, contestant rivalries on @ApprenticeNBC Tomorrow on the @MissUniverse Facebook page submit your final question for the contestants- Great list of spring travel ideas from our @TrumpCollection propeVia @thestate by @AP: “Donald Trump: Giving ‘serious thought’ to presidential run” With Joan Rivers and ivankatrump from last night's great boardroom! "@DShimogawa: Another great #celebrityapprenctice #CelebApprentice tonight! @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @realDonaldTrump @nbc @Nordstrom"
Via @wmbfnews: "Donald Trump puts Tea Pa"@MWypa18: @realDonaldTrump love Leeza, she's amazing tonight
Trump at Tea Pa"@brizzzzzle: Watching Celebrity Apprentice and missing Joan Rivers ☹ @joanrivers @realDonaldTrump
New episode sta"@tmadsen32: No better way to spend my Monday evening than watching Celebrity Apprentice @realDonaldTrump"
Trump arrives for SC Tea Pa"@DJ4Corners: @realDonaldTrump You were awesome!
AIR FORCE TRUMP: AHEAD OF 2016, THE DONALD SLAMS ROMNEY, BUSH IN SOUTH CAROLINA" "@TheStangShow: @realDonaldTrump you the man! You can never be too young to be a fan of you! #donaldtrumprocks" Thanks.
Joan Rivers on The Apprentice tonight at 8:00. I will be live tweeting. JOAN WAS GREAT!
Via @CarolinaLive by @JoelAllenWPDE:“Big names wrap up largest ever SC Tea Pa"Via @myrbeachonline by @TSN_MPrabhu: "Donald Trump states case for becoming POTUS at SC Tea Pa"@MarkSimoneNY: @realDonaldTrump Slams Romney 2016: ‘He Choked like a Dog’ Last Time "@vivianbrown21:Can't WAIT till tonight To see EpisodeW/"JOAN RIVERS"!!a true Winner!! Hope you PayTribute to her GREATNESS! ♡JOAN#RIVERS !"
.@foxandfriends in five minutes!
The Apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8:00. Joan Rivers puts on a great show!
I will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
I look forward to being in South Carolina tomorrow, a total sellout crowd!
“Donald Trump to headline SC Tea Pa"@pjleger: @realDonaldTrump In my opinion this is the best season of The Celebrity Apprentice!!"
"@Kbherman: 75 degrees and perfect @TrumpGolfLA Beautiful work @realDonaldTrump !!! "Via @fitsnews: "Donald Trump Knows How To (Tea) PaMonday night at 8:00 will be must see television. Our wonderful Joan Rivers plays a major role as my advisor on the Apprentice. AMAZING!
“@AP Interview: @MissUniverse Gabriela Isler reflects as her reign winds down” Via @PVPatch by Paige Austin: “Trump to Donate 12 Acres for Conservation in Palos Verdes” “Donald Trump: I'm Not Buying the @BrooklynNets” "Donald Trump donates land to conservation group in Palos Verdes"“Donald Trump turns over 11.5 ac.in Rancho Palos Verdes for recreational open space” Via @NYDailyNews by Eugene Dunn: “Trump the Nation's Great Hope” "@engy20: @realDonaldTrump I think you would be one of the great Presidents! Admiration and respect from Canada Mr. Trump!" Thanks."
The episode of the Apprentice that everyone has been waiting for....Joan Rivers stars, and she is and does GREAT! Next Monday night at 8:00
"@VenueMagazine_: .@realDonaldTrump unveils brand new Red Tiger course at @TrumpDoral- "@buffyG6820: I say Donald Trump takeover the WhiteHouse now, Barack Obama is a fraud. DonaldTrump @HouseGOP @EPN Despite what the haters and losers like to say, I never filed for bankruptcy but WOW, the preeminent gaming company, Caesars, just did.
“WATCH: @MissUniverse contestants golf with Donald Trump @TrumpDoral” "@ahansen20: @realDonaldTrump Trump National Doral = Beatiful, amazing, &amp, #BestShowersEver...and Gary Players pics in my room doesn't hu"@Jack_P_Ivory: @realDonaldTrump for president! Only vote wo"@KeatsBen: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for President! Big fan of the #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump"
"@gregg7493: Need democrats out so I hope republicans and tea paLooking forward to keynoting the South Carolina Tea Pa"Via @LINKSMagazine: “Only The Donald" If the morons who killed all of those people at Charlie Hebdo would have just waited, the magazine would have folded - no money, no success!
Charlie Hebdo reminds me of the "satirical" rag magazine Spy that was very dishonest and nasty and went bankrupt. Charlie was also broke!
#CelebApprentice Another exciting episode -tune in next Monday at 8pm for 2 more new episodes!
#CelebApprentice who do you think won?
#CelebApprentice What do you think of the new teams/PMs?
#CelebApprentice stay tuned for the 2nd half we have one more firing tonight!
“@HoganSeaisle129: @realDonaldTrump who who who ... Say it just say it #CelebApprentice” Watch and see what happens!
#CelebApprentice Time for the first firing of the night.
#CelebApprentice #TeamVo#CelebApprentice Selfies- yes or no?
#CelebApprentice what do you think of the choices for project manager?
#CelebApprentice We always make sure to have great NYC locations for the task delivery.
#CelebApprentice I will be live tweeting(no spoilers) during tonight's all new @ApprenticeNBC at 8PM ET.
Some of the women on Celebrity Apprentice are absolutely crazy - maybe the wildest thing ever on reality television. Watch tonight!
Tonight at 8:00 is a really big one for a double episode of Celebrity Apprentice. Watch, you won't believe what happens!
Remember, @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. and Celebrity Apprentice at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00.
Get ready for two amazing episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tomorrow night (Monday) at 8:00. Some incredible things happen!
The French police are afraid to go into many communities. How did France let this all happen, and how did the female terrorist ever escape?
"@DexteVia @WDesMoinesPatch by @DerekJ3031: “@ShawnJohnson on @ApprenticeNBC”Via @wbtwnews13 by @elizabethk_wbtw: “Donald Trump will deliver keynote address to the SC Tea Pa“@Letterman to Donald Trump: ‘Fire @geraldorivera’”“@MissUSA Nia Sanchez of Nevada is ready for @missuniverse” Via @Newsmax_Media: “Donald Trump 2016: 8 Facts About Personal Life of GOP Presidential Hopeful”Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs: Business is a creative endeavor. Being innovative = being open to new ideas. Keep an open mind!
Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Know everything you can about what you're doing. Give your work 100% of your concentrated effoWatch my appearance on @Letterman from last night- If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. -- Henry Ford
You may want to watch David Letterman tonight - I am on!
.@ximenaNR Great job, we are all proud of you - one of our all time BEST!
"Via @Newsmax_Media by @melaniebatley: "Donald Trump: France's Strict Gun Laws Enabled Attack"Fact – the tighter the gun laws, the more violence. The criminals will always have guns.
“But if someone has a gun and is trying to kill you... it would be reasonable to shoot back with your own gun.” - @DalaiLama
To be completed this year,Trump Int’l Golf Club Dubai will feature a 7,205-yard, par 71 &amp, double-sided driving range Via @ArutzSheva_En by Moshe Cohen: “Donald Trump: French Gun Control Allowed Terrorists to Succeed” I will be on @letterman tonight. Be sure to watch! Always a great time. @LateShow
#TBT With Tommy Lee Jones at Mar-a-Lago. You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
Via @nypost by @StarrMSS: “Trump: @ApprenticeNBC contestants ‘the meanest by far’” "Watch @ApprenticeNBC episode 2 online again via @nbc: “Nobody Out Thinks Donald Trump" "@InsideSouthFL: Photo: #JonathanAldridge &amp, #DonaldTrump #1 show @TheApprentice9 @NBC! #1 Golf Course @TrumpDoral! It's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming, we need some fast!
Goodnight everyone, sleep tight!
Politicians are ALL TALK, NO ACTION! --- just look at our country.
Who is paying for that tedious Smokey Bear commercial that is on all the time - enough already!
Almost no news organizations are showing the "satirical" pictures. Gee, I wonder why? The media is usually so brave!
I would like to thank @GolfMagazine for the really nice review of Trump National Doral - Best Renovation of the Year (and maybe all time).
“Donald Trump to address SC Tea PaVia @thestate by @andyshain: “Donald Trump joins other 2016 prospects speaking at SC Tea PaRemember, when guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns!
Isn’t it interesting that the tragedy in Paris took place in one of the toughest gun control countries in the world?
If the people so violently shot down in Paris had guns, at least they would have had a fighting chance.
Congratulations to new Congressman @leezeldin being named to House Foreign Affairs Comm. and co-chair the House Republican Israel Caucus.
Why does Obama continue to release the worst of the worst from Gitmo?! Look at Paris and wake up!
My condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in Paris.
“The Trumps pay tribute to the late @Joan_Rivers” Via @TheYBF: “@msvivicafox Attends A Private Screening + Donald Trump DONATES $25K To @peachespulliam’S Kamp Kizzy”"Via @Breitba“Failure is simply the oppo"@AnAustrian: @realDonaldTrump @paulomyftaraj i said many times that i wouldve voted for trump each time he ran or thought about running."
"@TheXTOR: @dixiefriedspo"@gfmete: @realDonaldTrump @LAWeightLoss @IvankaTrump @ApprenticeNBC No one outsma"@KyleSBaxter: I've been predicting very closely on who would get fired tonight. And I knew Kevin and Gilbe"@LAWeightLoss: @IvankaTrump I agree with Kevin being fired cause he tried to outsmaBig announcement coming soon regarding South Carolina...
Via @TMZ_SpoCongress must repeal ObamaCare. Obama will veto while Americans continue to lose their doctors &amp, pay rising premiums.
Via @DMRegister by @newsmanone: “'Moon cycle' can't defeat @ShawnJohnson on @ApprenticeNBC” Via @EW by @DaltonRoss: “recap: 'Nobody Out Thinks Donald Trump'” Looking forward to next week’s unveiling of the Red Tiger @TrumpDoral. An 18 hole masterpiece w/two island greens Congrats to @FLGovScott on today's inauguration and having done a great job!
Thanks to our loyal viewers &amp, fans, last night’s @ApprenticeNBC topped all the demos &amp, grew 24% in our regular slot premiere.
I look forward to going to the Land Investment Expo in Iowa on Jan. 23. Record crowd—sold out venue. @LandExpo @PeoplesCompany
Learn more about @TrumpIntRealty's @Mgriffithnyc and some of our spectacular real estate in NYC- .@kevinjonas was great but he brought the wrong person into the boardroom. Had he brought Lorenzo in, he would not have been fired.
Wow, despite the switch to Monday night, @ApprenticeNBC ratings were higher than even the Sunday night show.
Remember, after this, new episode sta"@JenKingPo"@haileemh13: @realDonaldTrump Geraldo looks happy they lost bc he wasn't project manager. #CelebApprentice"
I will be live tweeting!
Celebrity Apprentice staVia @feminamissindia: “@MannyPacquiao among @MissUniverse 2015 judges” Looking forward to speaking at @Citizens_United &amp, @SteveKingIA’s “Iowa’s Freedom Summit” on January 24th "@MindOfMcN: @Chrisgraham101 "@ShinySheet:Olympic gold medalist wins Trump Invitational Grand Prix at @realDonaldTrump's Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach: "@mccull0817: @realDonaldTrump @ShawnJohnson calls the show evil and that is FUN??"
"@californguy: #TeamBrandi, I'm glad u have a no BS person on there.Hope she stays! @ApprenticeNBC @Andy @Bravotv "@BrandiGlanville: TONIGHT "Celebrity Apprentice" 8/7c Ep. 2 &amp, 3! 2 Hours of Back to Back Competition @ApprenticeNBC Remember, tonight (Monday), the second and third episodes of The Apprentice are on at 8:00 &amp, 9:00. Great ratings last night 18 - 49. FUN!
You can watch all the highlights of last night’s record 14th season premiere of @ApprenticeNBC Via @latimes’ @LATshowtracker:“Monday's TV Highlights:@ApprenticeNBCon @nbc”Via @peoplemag by @amandamichl: “@IvankaTrump: @Joan_RiversWas 'Very Warm' During Appearance on @ApprenticeNBC” .@peachespulliam at @TrumpTowerNY this afternoon- a wonderful woman. It was an honor to donate $25K to her charity. Wow, great ratings for @ApprenticeNBC- #CelebApprentice We had lots of fun last night with the live tweeting so I will do it again tonight from 8-10pm.
Don't forget, episodes 2 and 3 of @ApprenticeNBC are on tonight at 8PM and 9PM on @NBC.
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Will be talking about many things, including The Apprentice!
I will be LIVE tweeting tomorrow (MONDAY) nights TWO shows sta"@KennyKing4: @JustinTGee #CelebApprentice is one of my fav shows!!! Wanna live tweet tmrw night? #datenight @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump"
This show was taped just before the terrible Bill Cosby revelations came to light.She still should have asked him for money-goes to charity.
Hope you liked it. Tune in tomorrow night at 8:00 and 9:00 for two episodes and two boardrooms! Will be a great evening of television!
How do you like the boardroom so far?
This boardroom gets CRAZY! These people are wild
#CelebApprentice @apprenticenbc returns tonight at 9/8c on NBC- "@NaomiEpstein: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Kenya Moore will be omarosa redux. That attitude is boring. She needs to go."
Who do you like - hate so far?
"@llluminatedOnes: Here we go! @ApprenticeNBC staIt's still exciting after all these years - and this cast is special!
This is going to be a special season - truly great characters and cast. You will soon see!
Everyone is asking me to cover The Apprentice LIVE on twitter. I will do so. Tonight 9 to 11. IT WILL BE A GREAT EVENING OF TELEVISION!
#CelebApprentice Who will hear those two famous words? @Apprenticenbc premieres tomorrow at 9/8c on NBC. "@The_Paul08: It's almost here, finally!!!! The new Celebrity #Apprentice premiers tomorrow on @nbc! @realDonaldTrump #excited"
Via @ShinySheet by @soapbox1: “Show-jumping grand prix returns to Mar-a-Lago Sunday" Via @HorsetalkNZ: “Florida’s Trump Invitational to kick off showjumping year” By popular demand I will be tweeting during tomorrow's record 14th season premiere of @ApprenticeNBC on @nbc at 9/8c My @nbcdfw int. by @EricKingNBC5 w/@IvankaTrump discussing the Sunday @nbc premiere of @ApprenticeNBC’s 14th season "@TrudyUnis: @realDonaldTrump @puppyslug our country need something. Never seen so much division as the last years.
"@LmechX: @realDonaldTrump The AI will be commenting LIVE on Sunday night (9 to 11) on TWITTER - Celebrity Apprentice will be great this season - amazing cast!
I just saw the movie "Unbroken" -- very good except I thought the ending was weak, no retribution! And we complain about waterboarding.
.@ApprenticeNBC season premiere this Sunday at 9/8c on @NBC- "@RunningDeep67: @UniqueCaptures Too strong? Point out a time in America's history where it was good to have a PUSSY in the White House!"
The Mar-a-Lago Club was amazing tonight. Everybody was there, the biggest and the hottest. Palm Beach is so lucky to have best club in world
Happy BiHappy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love!
Russians are playing @CNN and @NBCNews for such fools - funny to watch, they don't have a clue! @FoxNews totally gets it!
not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!
We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S., but.......
Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!
The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7, THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! Thanks Donald!
President Obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very impoThe DJT Foundation, unlike most foundations, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any expenses. 100% of money goes to wonderful charities!
I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation, raised or recieved millions more, ALL of which is given to charity, and media won't repoThe world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!
The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad!
President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc.
Merry Christmas and a very, very, very , very Happy New Year to everyone!
The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad, but we will get it done anyway!
.@NBCNews purposely left out this pa"Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems: "In my opinion, it is humiliating. One must be able to lose with dignity." So true!
slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat, which turned into reality. Such hatred! When will the U.S., and all countries, fight back?
The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime, "by God's will we will slaughter you pigs, I swear, we will......
As to the U.N., things will be different after Jan. 20th.
my presidency. Isn't this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids, has raised millions of dollars for them, and now must stop. Wrong answer!
My wonderful son, Eric, will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with...
The so-called "A" list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!
Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed MaThe United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes
Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase "DRAIN THE SWAMP" was no longer being used by me. Actually, we will always be trying to DTS.
I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today, talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive people!
I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss!
I would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently
Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult &amp, sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states!
Yes, it is true - Carlos Slim, the great businessman from Mexico, called me about getting together for a meeting. We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY!
especially how to get people, even with an unlimited budget, out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). They focused on wrong states
Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong, he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He "doesn't know much" ...
We did it! Thank you to all of my great suppoToday there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!
If my many suppoWe should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!
China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act.
Mobile, Alabama today at 3:00 P.M. Last rally of the year - "THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH" Biggest of all crowds expected, see you there!
Last night in Orlando, Florida, was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA! Today at 3:00 P.M. I will be in Alabama for last rally!
Well, we all did it, together! I hope the "MOVEMENT" fans will go to D.C. on Jan 20th for the swearing in. Let's set the all time record!
Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?
If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?
The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House, as it pe"Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me "Person of the Year" - a great honor!"
The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments.
Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just ceI have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world, Rex Tillerson, Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, to be Secretary of State.
I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business, Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times!
Presidency. Two of my children, Don and Eric, plus executives, will manage them. No new deals will be done during my term(s) in office.
Even though I am not mandated by law to do so, I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the......
I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning.
The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.
Unless you catch "hackers" in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!
Just watched @NBCNightlyNews - So biased, inaccurate and bad, point after point. Just can't get much worse, although @CNN is right up there!
Will be interviewed on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Whether I choose him or not for "State"- Rex Tillerson, the Chairman &amp, CEO of ExxonMobil, is a world class player and dealmaker. Stay tuned!
I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy, of the Great State of Louisiana, for the U.S.Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON!
Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience, and congrats to Army!
I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:00 (Eastern) Network. ENJOY!
A very interesting read. UnfoRepoAs a show of suppoI have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B &amp, have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!
.@RudyGiuliani, one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N.Y.C., just took himself out of consideration for "State".
If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good, they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce dues
Chuck Jones, who is President of United Steelworkers 1999, has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country!
I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:30. Enjoy!
A great night in Fayetteville, NoDepaMasa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!
Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs....
Join me tonight in Fayetteville, NoBoeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!
#ThankYouTour2016 12/6- No"If the press would cover me accurately &amp, honorably, I would have far less reason to "tweet." Sadly, I don't know if that will ever happen!"
their country (the U.S. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea? I don't think so!
Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete), heavily tax our products going into..
.@FoxNews will be re-running "Objectified: Donald Trump," the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ, at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The Green Paexpensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS
these companies are able to move between all 50 states, with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a very ...
wanting to sell their product, cars, A.C. units etc., back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult, but.....
without retribution or consequence, is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies ......
fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S. ......
The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country,
Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad
Our great VPE, @mike_pence, is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate. John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington.
State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today, election next Saturday.
Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!
Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call.
The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C.
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!
Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!
Join me in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow evening at 7:00pm. I am grateful for all of your suppoHence, legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more impodo this under the law, I feel it is visually impogreat business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to ....
I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my ...
ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country.
Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks Carrier
I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers!
My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe!
Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!
I thought that @CNN would get better after they failed so badly in their suppoThe Great State of Michigan was just ce.@CNN is so embarrassed by their total (100%) suppo"@sdcritic: @HighonHillcrest @jeffzeleny @CNN There is NO QUESTION THAT #voterfraud did take place, and in favor of #CorruptHillary !"
If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole, I will terminate deal.
Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media repostates instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!
It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4--
In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally
Trump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead." So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad
this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy." She then said, "We have to accept the results and look to the future, Donald --
of position." Then, separately she stated, "He said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of --
during a general election. I, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major paand fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -
Hillary's debate answer on delay: "That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. We've had free --
Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change
The Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore!
The Green PaFidel Castro is dead!
I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Bus crash in Tennessee so sad &amp, so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!
I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. I've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people!
The meeting with the @nytimes is back on at 12:30 today. Look forward to it!
Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years.
The failing @nytimes just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce?
Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes. In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!
I cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice
Many people would like to see @Nigel_Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!
I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far sma"General James "Mad Dog" Mattis, who is being considered for Secretary of Defense, was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General!"
I watched paNumerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior
The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!
Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!
The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!
I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country.
Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!
Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico
My transition team, which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job, will be seeing many great candidates today. #MAGA
Australia, New Zealand, and more. I am always available to them. @nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me.
I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. Russia, U.K., China, Saudi Arabia, Japan,
The failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also, I have spoken to many foreign leaders.
I am not trying to get "top level security clearance" for my children. This was a typically false news story.
Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!
The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play. Campaigning is much different!
If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily
The debates, especially the second and third, plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies, plus OUR GREAT SUPPOI will be interviewed on @60Minutes tonight after the NFL game - 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The @nytimes states today that DJT believes "more countries should acquire nuclear weapons." How dishonest are they. I never said this!
Governor John Kasich of the GREAT, GREAT, GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible!
Jeb Bush, George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice!
Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!
The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?
Wow, the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the "Trump phenomena
This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win, win, win!
Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very impoLove the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!
A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!
Don't let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!
"Just out according to @CNN: "Utah officials repoI will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary, we would all be much better off!
Looking at Air Force One @ MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs &amp, fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!
ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!
Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all.
"@Ravenrantz: #Billygraham's grand daughter #SuppoCrooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary, costs will triple!
You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@DarrellIssa is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California.
Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress. RIGGED!
Wow, now leading in @ABC /@washingtonpost Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks, mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up!
Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!
Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed!
We are now leading in many polls, and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday - great in states!
"@DeplorableCBTP: "In my mind, #DonaldTrump is the only way out of this mess." - #PhilRobeI am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!
Just out: Neera Tanden, Hillary Clinton adviser said, “Israel is depressing.” I think Israel is inspiring!
Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare!
If my people said the things about me that Podesta &amp, Hillary's people said about her, I would fire them out of self respect. "Bad instincts
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!
REPEAL AND REPLACE!!! #ObamaCareInThreeWords
Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary can't!#ObamacareFailed
We are winning and the press is refusing to repoWhy has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!
Wow, just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!
The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!
If @HillaryClinton is president, she’ll be all talk and nothing will get done. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Will be at the Women's U.S. Open today!
The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!
Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow, to Gettysburg!
Great crowd in Fletcher, NoThe results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON! Thank you, these are very exciting times.
When Obama took office in 2009 employer-provided premiums cost $13,375. Today they are $18,142. Thanks, Obama.
Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary.
That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama and that’s what you’ll get if you vote for Hillary. #BigLeagueTruth
USA has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. We need change! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
Bernie Sanders on HRC: Bad Judgement. John Podesta on HRC: Bad Instincts. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
Moderator: “Respectfully, you won’t answer the pay-to-play question.” #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Our country is stagnant. We’ve lost jobs and business. We don’t make things anymore b/c of the bill Hillary’s husband signed and she blessed
I will renegotiate NAFTA. If I can’t make a great deal, we’re going to tear it up. We’re going to get this economy running again. #Debate
Moderator: Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Moderator: Hillary paid $225,000 by a Brazilian bank for a speech that called for “open borders.” That’s a quote! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Drugs are pouring into this country. If we have no border, we have no country. That’s why ICE endorsed me. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
.@HillaryClinton lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. 2A will not survive a Hillary presidency. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
The 2nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Hillary Clinton wants to create the most liberal Supreme CouReady to lead. Ready to Make America Great Again. #Debate #MAGA
I will be handing over my Twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's #debate#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
My wife, Melania, will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by Anderson Cooper on @CNN. I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy!
I will sign the first bill to repeal #Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!
Wow, new polls just came out from @CNN Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?
We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!).
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!
Can't believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact!
ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY, NOAnimals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in No"Wow, interview released by Wikileakes shows "quid pro quo" in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person - &amp, Paul Ryan does zilch!"
Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!
Paul Ryan, a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago), must staThe Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee!
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effoPolls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin po"@davidshiloach: @realDonaldTrump Go Mr. Trump! Israel is behind you!"
A great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy! #MAGA
Big wins against ISIS!
The failing @nytimes repoNothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!
The MOVEMENT in PoLanding in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there, and all over the country.
Mr. Trump removing the broken teleprompter in NoHillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election
This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect Crooked Hillary!
100% fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign, may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX!
Join me in Greensboro, NoDem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out- thank you!OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLLTrump 42% Clinton 41%
Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon.
I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach, Florida at noon. Tune in!
The phony story in the failing @nytimes is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH!
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
Wow, @CNN Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary &amp, CNN FRAUD!
"Crooked's State Dept gave special attention to "Friends of Bill" after the Haiti EaI hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run.
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don’t know how to win - I will teach them!
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.
Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.
Wow, @CNN got caught fixing their "focus group" in order to make Crooked Hillary look better. Really pathetic and totally dishonest!
CNN is the worst - foPaul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee
Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!
Hypocrite: @HillaryClinton is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history, by far. #debate #bigleaguetruth
"Our country has the slowest growth since 1929. #BigLeagueTruth #debate
This country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama! #Debate
We agree @POTUS-"SHE'LL (Hillary Clinton) SAY ANYTHING &amp, CHANGE NOTHING. IT'S TIME TO TURN THE PAGE" -President Obama
In my administration, EVERY American will be treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Hypocrite! @HillaryClinton claims she needs a “public and a private stance” in discussions with Wall Street banks. #Debate
.@HillaryClinton : Bill “clarified” what he meant when calling Obamacare a “disaster.” Actually “disaster” is pretty clear. #Debate
We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive, comprehensive, affordable system. #debate #MAGA
ATTN: @HillaryClinton - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates
Hillary’s 33,000 deleted emails about her daughter’s wedding. That’s a lot of wedding emails. #debate
Basically nothing Hillary has said about her secret server has been true. #CrookedHillary
If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies.
There’s never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfoI’m not proud of my locker room talk. But this world has serious problems. We need serious leaders. #debate #BigLeagueTruth
It’s this simple. “Make America Great Again.” #debate #BigLeagueTruth
"My team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonight's #debate#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!
Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but in any event, please be careful.
EARLY VOTING: MN &amp, IA already underway, more states coming up in the next week: OH, ME, AZ, IN — check w/local officials for details &amp, VOTE!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your kind remarks on the impoBill Clinton is right: Obamacare is 'crazy', 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'. Thanks Bill for telling the truth.
The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!
Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!
I agree Mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! #VPDebate "Police officers are the best of us..."@Mike_Pence
.@megynkelly- I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time.
Both are looking good! Now we begin!
Here we go - Enjoy!
I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, @CNN is so negative. Their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb. I'm turning to @FoxNews where we get a fair shake! Mike will do great
Wow, did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!
Just announced that Iraq (U.S.) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States, in Israel, and around the world.
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his suppo"@trumplican2016: .@realDonaldTrump There will be MASSIVE turnout for you, Mr. Trump - These polls don't register the pulse of the PEOPLE!"
I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ!
I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them. #failing@nytimes
Heading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, just saw the really bad @CNN ratings. People don't want to watch bad product that only builds up Crooked Hillary.
The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio &amp, sound level was very bad. So why didn't they fix it?
I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided "spin" that followed. This despite the really bad microphone.
For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!
The people are really sma"Remember, don't believe "sources said" by the VERY dishonest media. If they don't name the sources, the sources don't exist."
Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?
Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of vi"Wow, Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an "angel" without checking her past, which is terrible!"
Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying "sources said," DO NOT believe it. There are no sources, they are just made up lies!
Wow, did you see how badly @CNN (Clinton News Network) is doing in the ratings. With people like @donlemon, who could expect any more?
My condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.
Joining @oreillyfactor from Waukesha, Wisconsin - now, live! Enjoy!
Great afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your suppoIn the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day, and we’re still going! Thank you America! #MAGA
Well, now they're saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum, but last night the big debate. Nice!
Hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon - thank you!
I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched @CNN poll.
I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?
Great debate poll numbers - I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 to discuss. Enjoy!
.@newtgingrich just said "a historic victory for Trump." NICE!
Wow, did great in the debate polls (except for @CNN - which I don't watch). Thank you!
Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on #Benghazi. #Debates2016 #debatenight
This is the simple fact about @HillaryClinton: she is a typical politician - all talk, no action. #Debates2016
.@HillaryClinton channels John Kerry on trade: she was for bad trade deals before she was against them. #TPP #Debates2016
.@HillaryClinton and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years
My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in!#DebateNight #TrumpPence16
Really sad news: The great Arnold Palmer, the "King," has died. There was no-one like him - a true champion! He will be truly missed.
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!
Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 10:00 A.M.
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!
Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!
Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had, including Never Trump, all farmers &amp, sm. biz, by saying she’ll tax estates at 65%.
Will be on @foxandfriends now.
I will be interviewed from Cleveland, Ohio, on @seanhannity - Tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
.@YoungDems4Trump Thank you!
Great new polls! Thank you Nevada, NoThank you Toledo, Ohio! It is so impo"Hopefully the violence &amp, unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured, get well soon. We need unity &amp, leadership.
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.
Thank you Kenansville, NoThank you High Point, NC! I will fight for every neglected paHillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!
Heading to NoDo people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.
Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change.
I will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor - tonight from Florida, now. Enjoy!
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp, its people- how did he get thru system?
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims, their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!
Under the leadership of Obama &amp, Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!
HAPPY BII would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC.
Never met but never liked dopey RobeHeading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd, great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
My lawyers want to sue the failing @nytimes so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now), but they are watching. Really disgusting
The failing @nytimes has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
Crazy Maureen Dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing @nytimes, pretends she knows me well--wrong!
Wacky @NYTimesDowd, who hardly knows me, makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope!
.@CNN just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
I never met former Defense Secretary RobeCrooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!
Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two @foJust leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!
Great parade in The Villages- I love you all. We will #MAGA. Thank you for the incredible suppoI am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much suppoI am now going to the brand new Trump International, Hotel D.C. for a major statement.
Will be joining @jimmyfallon on @FallonTonight at 11:35pmE tonight. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by @jessebwatters on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy!
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
Will be on @CNBC at @7:22. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
The seriously failing @nytimes, despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place, only writes dishonest hits!
Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
While Hillary said horrible things about my suppoReally sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass. SUPREME COUWow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my suppoWill be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!
"@Stvzbnk: Just Watched @tonyschwaJust returned from Pensacola, Florida, where the crowd was incredible.
Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on @oreillyfactor at 8:10pm from Pensacola, Florida.
Henry McMaster, Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me, beat failed @CNN announcer Bakari Sellers, so badly. Funny!
Jeff Zucker failed @NBC and he is now failing @CNN.
.@CNN is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. Theyare a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign.
The documentary of me that @CNN just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!
With Luis, Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted.
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Peña Nieto.
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as #POTUS.
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
A rough night for Hillary Clinton" ABC News.
Wow, reviews are in - THANK YOU!
COMING UP @GenFlynn @newtgingrich on @foxandfriends
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the nice reviews of last night.
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 11pmE @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Mainstream media never covered Hillary’s massive “hacking”or coughing attack, yet it is #1 trending. What’s up?
As a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.
China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama "the son of a whore." Terrible!
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92. She was very special!
President Obama &amp, Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
"@OSPREY675: @Miami4Trump I followed you because you are a patriot &amp, suppoGreat job by @EricTrump on interview with @BillHemmer on @FoxNews. #ImWithYou #TrumpTrain
Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the "C" markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?
To the African-American community: The Democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. I will fix it, VOTE "T
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
The Republican Pa"@AnneBellar: @realDonaldTrump @CNN CNN is so biased. Never ever watch them. Trump 2016!!"
Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!
Wow, the failing @nytimes has not repo.@CNN is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.
Great visit to Detroit church, fantastic reception, and all @CNN talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd!
I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquaPeople will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to #MAGA!
Just heard that crazy and very dumb @morningmika had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings @Morning_Joe. Joe a mess!
I will be interviewed by @ericbolling tonight at 8pm on the @oreillyfactor. Enjoy!
Poll numbers way up - making big progress!
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!
Great trip to Mexico today - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana, and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb.
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!
Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENT
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!
Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump=SAFE!
I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue.
I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?
Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator @JoniErnst. Look forward to being with all of my friends.
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers.
Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border &amp, WALL!
Will be in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great! #ImWithYou
I will be interviewed by @kimguilfoyle at 7pm on @FoxNews. #Enjoy!
How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth "SUPER PREDATORS" - Has she apologized?
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
Wonderful @pastormarkburns was attacked viciously and unfairly on @MSNBC by crazy @morningmika on low ratings @Morning_Joe. Apologize!
Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!
Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
Great Governor @Mike_Pence is in Indiana to help lead the relief effoWill be on #Hannity @ 10pE @FoxNews- discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected, we will #BuildTheWall &amp, enforce our laws!
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!
"Hillary Clinton strongly stated that there was "absolutely no connection" between her private work and that of The State DepaIt is being repoI am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican PaThe @WashingtonPost quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy, boring!
.@AnnCoulter's new book, 'In Trump We Trust, comes out tomorrow. People are saying it's terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!
Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas.
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!
Some day, when things calm down, I'll tell the real story of @JoeNBC and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, @morningmika. Two clowns!
Tried watching low-rated @Morning_Joe this morning, unwatchable! @morningmika is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!
I heard that @Morning_Joe was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D, a big failure in TV (&amp, someone I helped), was nasty. Irrelevant!
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!
We will bring America together as ONE country again – united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. #MAGA
Will be interviewed on @JudgeJeanine at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!
We are one nation. When one hu#WheresHillary? Sleeping!!!!!
Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.
The repoThank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana &amp, another speech tonight in MI.
They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!
I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @seanhannity - @FoxNews
Ce"Stay on message" is the chant. I always do - trade, jobs, military, vets, 2nd A, repeal Ocare, borders, etc - but media misrepresents!"
I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to suppo"It is not "freedom of the press" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!"
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%
The failing @nytimes, which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never said
The failing @nytimes talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their repo"@zulu_out: You are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #USA Loves U" Thanks"
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres.
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!
The failing @nytimes has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!
Will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10pm, hosted by @GovMikeHuckabee. Enjoy!
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media repoI love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't!
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!
Ratings challenged @CNN repo"@EnemyWithinn: @realDonaldTrump @elsolarverde @nytimes People gotta stop believing media lies about Trump." That would indeed be nice!
Will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
This is no surprise. Constant phony repoThank you FoGreat job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by @CNN is a hoax. Totally dishonest.
No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by "low ratings" @CNN.
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas. #LESM
Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and #2A - sad &amp, irrelevant!
.@dbongino You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on @CNN. Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?
"@spI am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends now!
Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great suppoAs Senator Clinton promised 200,000 jobs in Upstate New York - her effoMany people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Enjoy!
Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!
"The media is going crazy. They totally distoI see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!
Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHO"LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The A"LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book "The A"Anybody whose mind "SHO"Crooked Hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she "SHOHillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who staThere is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous suppoGreat day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!
RepoPresident Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!
Thanks to @pnehlen for your kind words, very much appreciated.
When will CNN do a segment on Hillary’s plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp, refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!
The people who suppoWill CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unrepoWhen will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State DepaCNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs.
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!
When I said in an interview that Putin is "not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down," I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!
This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smaMr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!
Wow, it is unbelievable how disto"@RealJamesWoods: Without absolutely OWNING the liberal media, HillaryClinton wouldn't stand a chance. #VoterFraud and #MSM her only hope."
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!
Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our "leaders" to eradicate it!
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP 32.2 MILLION. CLINTON 27.8 MILLION. Thank you!
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event! @CNN @FoxNews
Wow, NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!
The "Rust Belt" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!
Crooked's stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with Bill, VP
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, suppoViolent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.
Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
As usual, Hillary &amp, the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp, insticts.
I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!
The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!
Crooked Hillary said that I "couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign." Really,I just beat 16 people and am beating her!
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town! #NeverHillary
Little" Michael Bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!
General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD #NeverHillary
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
Join @mike_pence at the University of No"@AnnCoulter: "I believe in science" Dem code for "we're shutting down coal mines, steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing"
Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. @CNN and the little watched @Morning_Joe = SAD!
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world.
Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam, as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.
Great to be back in Iowa! #TBT with @JerryJrFalwell joining me in DavenpoMedian household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go fuA vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees.
"@LallyRay: Poll: Donald Trump Sees 17-Point Positive Swing in Two Weeks - BreitbaPresident Obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. #DNC
Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poveShooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people sta"Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to "carpet bomb" the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz!"
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to staThe Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!
Funny how the failing @nytimes is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said "Trump is a genius." America 1st!
As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv.
Many of Bernie's suppoI hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks. @megynkelly
For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia.
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!
Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS &amp, her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
Bernie's exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch.
Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great
Funny, if you listen to @FoxNews, the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two, they are fawning. What a difference
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.
Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic PaI was at @FoxNews and met Juan Williams in passing. He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. #MAGA
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, that's all! They laughed at Bernie.
If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same.
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS &amp, all others laughing!
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, she's out!
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp, well!
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I don't believe that his suppoCrooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wild
The @CNN panels are so one sided, almost all against Trump. @FoxNews is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN!
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!
Today proves what I have always known, that @Reince Priebus is the tough one and the smaSorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders "political revolution." He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!
Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
"@OliMauritania: @realDonaldTrump Kaine suppoThank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heaThe Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to suppoJust saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific PaFunny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her!
Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie suppoThe Bernie Sanders suppo"@Theresa_Cali: @realDonaldTrump General Michael Flynn will make a great Secretary of Defense when you become POTUS! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain"
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?
Another attack, this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich.
One of the best produced, including the incredible stage &amp, set, in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings! @KarlRove
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the paLimited oppoTed Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency, the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!
I am soooo proud of my children, Don, Eric and Tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!
Arena was packed, totally electric!
.@mike_pence was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P.
Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!
Limited oppo#TextTrump88022 for exclusive @realDonaldTrump updates! We will Make America Great Again!
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails.
Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!
Bill Hemmer of @FoxNews was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.
Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!
"@RoxaneTancredi: Democrats are coming to TRUMP. I used to be proud of the dem paIt was truly an honor to introduce my wife, Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud! #GOPConvention
Will be on @OreillyFactor tonight at 8:30pm @FoxNews- prior to Melania's speech at the #GOPConvention. Tune in- she will do great! #RNCinCLE
Networks other than low ratings @CNN have been very fair and exciting!
.@CNN is the worst.They go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, Melania. Place looks beautiful!
President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!
I will be on @60Minutes tonight at 7:00 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!
We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching
The ratings at @FoxNews blow away the ratings of @CNN - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like
.@FoxNews is much better, and far more truthful, than @CNN, which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I don't watch.
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didn't lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!
As the days and weeks go by, we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate, must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's over
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from staLook forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City.
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M.
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O &amp, Hillary!
#NeveMy prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. We are with you in every way!
In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement.
Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse.
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with NAFTA.
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.
If I win the Presidency, we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
Even the @NYTimes and @WashingtonPost Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?
Is Supreme CouOn my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican PaVoters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone #CrookedHillary falls flat in nationwide @QuinnipiacPoll. Having ZERO impact. Sad!!
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
The Republican platform is most pro-Israel of all time!
I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8pm. Enjoy!
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals &amp, global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first.
Bernie sanders has abandoned his suppoBernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his suppoBernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!
This election is a choice between law, order &amp, safety - or chaos, crime &amp, violence. I will make America safe again for everyone. #ImWithYou
For too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need.
Crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!
I heard that the underachieving John King of @CNN on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily, few people are watching - dead network!
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
Way to go @serenawilliams - you are a true champion. Proud of you!
Isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on @CNN?
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
After today, Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary.
Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live.
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes, @MarkHalperin @NBCPolitics
Great ConceSleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C.
Just watched Senator John Barrasso on @FoxNews - He was great! Thank you John.
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City.
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, AirpoI made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago, great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies.
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come!
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement.
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team "were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information." Not fit!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with "murder." Come November 8, she's out!
Raised a lot of money for the Republican PaI will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 11pm. Enjoy!
My son, @EricTrump will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Looking forward to meeting with @SenBobCorker in a little while. We will be traveling to NoFBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow! #RiggedSystem
The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual, bad judgment.
It was great spending time with @joniernst yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!
Taxpayers are paying a fo"On @FoxNews at 7:00 P.M. "Special: Meet the Trumps" Hope you enjoy!"
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is "guilty as hell" but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33,000 missing e-mails?
The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!
I look forward to meeting @joniernst today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people!
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!
The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!
In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting "go away, no pictures.
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about "grandkids" and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?
THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!
On Saturday a great man, Elie Wiesel, passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged &amp, corrupt!
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know.
Just watched @meetthepress and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd, and the entire show, is against me.The good news-the people get it!
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged!
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!
The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release
Just read in the failing @nytimes that I was not aware "the event had to be held in Cleveland" - a total lie. These people are sick!
Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!
.@TraceAdkins great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local repoAs Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!
I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy!
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple, I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!
The very dishonest @NBCNews refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!
New book by @ericbolling is absolutely terrific and a must read! #WakeUpAmerica
For reasons only they can explain, the @USChamber wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better.
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?
The @USCHAMBER must fight harder for the American worker. China, and many others, are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.
Yet another terrorist attack, this time in Turkey. Willthe world ever realize what is going on? So sad.
Hillary Clinton’s Presidency would be catastrophic foBenghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It justnever seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton.
.@CNN is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore.
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and repoCrooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage.
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a foPeople in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!
The @ABC poll sample is heavy on Democrats. Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did = lie! Was there to suppoClinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama), is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call.
George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican PaJust landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son, Eric, did a great job - under budget!
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
I have never liked the media term 'mass depoWe only want to admit those who love our people and suppoWe must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
So funny, Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk, no action!
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. #ImWithYou
Many people are equating BREXIT, and what is going on in Great Britain, with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country back!
The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing, I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free &amp, ind UK. We stand together as friends, as allies, &amp, as a people w/a shared history.
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's, and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see.
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day, especially when added to the brave &amp, brilliant vote.
Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games!
Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to suppoOn immigration, I’m consulting with our immigration officers&amp, our wage-earners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street.
SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it, taking jobs from Hispanic &amp, African-American workers.
ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama." -- Donald J. Trump
Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency." -- Donald J. Trump
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been "disqualifying.
Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism. #Imwithyou
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
I will be interviewed by @LouDobbs tonight on @FoxBusiness 7pm ET
Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest.
If you want to know about Hillary Clinton's honesty &amp, judgment, ask the family of Ambassador Stevens.
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays.
Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.
How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% asSecretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs.
Hillary says this election is about judgment. She's right. Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy.
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
.@DJohnsonPGA We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!
In Las Vegas, getting ready to speak!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today, all over the great State of Texas!
I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M. @FoxNews
I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
Thank you Greensboro, NoTONIGHT! NOHAPPY 241st BIThank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
AMERICA FIRST!
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
Congratulations to the 2016 #StanleyCup Champions, Pittsburgh @Penguins!
I am watching @FoxNews and how fairly they are treating me and my words, and @CNN, and the total distoI will be going to New Hampshire today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P.M.
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough
"RepoIs President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don't want congrats, I want toughness &amp, vigilance. We must be smaHorrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims &amp, their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough, smaClinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a repoReally bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!
Don King, and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is
Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.
The great boxing promoter, Don King, just endorsed me. Nice!
Join me! 6/10: Richmond, VA - 8pm6/11: Tampa, FL - 11am6/11: Pittsburgh, PA - 3pm6/13: Po"@Ausbiz: RECORD 14 million primary votes/beat 16 opponents/financed own campaign. You will be a great POTUS &amp, #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one of the least productive U.S. Senators, has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice.
A message of condolences and suppoObama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama—but nobody else does!
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else. Obama plus!
As expected, the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but, just like our big wins in the primaries, we will win!
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents, she had one!
Nobody is watching @Morning_Joe anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now!
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved
I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues
I will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity - Enjoy! 10:00 P.M.
In just out book, Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!
A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC &amp, VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres
I am getting bad marks from ceA massive blow to Obama's message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs repoCrooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than others on the campaign and finish #1, so too should our country. We can be great!
People like @KatyTurNBC repoHillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!
I am watching @CNN very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!
The Clinton News Network, sometimes referred to as @CNN, is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My suppoSo much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event @TrumpTurnberry- taking place on June 24th.
In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!
I don't watch or do @Morning_Joe anymore. Small audience, low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag!
"@Crz4basball: @JudgeJeanine @realDonaldTrump Looks like several legal Hispanics suppoThen, on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After @TrumpScotland, I will visit @TrumpDoonbeg in Ireland, the magnificent resoAfter @TrumpTurnberry I will be visiting Aberdeen, the oil capital of Europe, to see my great club, @TrumpScotland.
A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!
So great to have the endorsement and suppoBad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?), so much interest in it! I will be pres.
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego, I have thousands of great reviews &amp, will win case!
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC.
Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses. Isn't that what you want for your president?
Do you ever notice that @CNN gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
"Same failing @nytimes "repoCrooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
So I raised/gave $5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased.
Congratulations to @seanhannity on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight @ 10pE.
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.
Katie Couric, the third rate repoI will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job.
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5,600,000 that I raised/gave!
I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS, and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11:00 A.M. today, Trump Tower!
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me.
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego), who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke record
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The endorsement of me by the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!
In getting the endorsement of the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents (thank you), the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!
Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H.
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent, say good bye to the Supreme CouThe Republican PaBill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser, but if the GOP can't control their own, then they are not a paGood news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do.
Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them.
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. #MDW
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!
I am always on the front page of the failing @nytimes, but when I won the GOP nomination, I'm in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money &amp, get much better results! What we need as Prez!
The failing @nytimes wrote a story about my management style &amp, that I don't have many people. I have 73, Hillary has 800- &amp, I'm beating her.
I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you.
The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice, but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH
.@SanDiegoPD- Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!
Thank you @BillyJoel- many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!
I am on @oreillyfactor tonight, a big special. @FoxNews at 8:00 P.M. ENJOY!
Bill O'Reilly doing a major special on @OreillyFactor tonight- @FoxNews at 8pmE. Watch it, should be good! #Trump2016
My wife @MELANIATRUMP, and my children will be featured on @FoxNews with @Greta- 7pmE. Enjoy!#MeetTheTrumps #Trump2016
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard.
Thank you Mr. &amp, Mrs. @TomBarrackJr for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten. #Trump2016
.@kimguilfoyle- just watched you on @OutnumberedFNC- thank you!
Thank you Washington! Honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history.
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smaGoofy Senator Elizabeth Warren @elizabethforma has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk, no action!
Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim.
Great honor to receive today's endorsement of @RickSantorum. Really nice! #Trump2016
After raising, w/ no obligation, almost $6M for Vets, I couldn't believe protesters formed @ Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY!
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, oveI just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!
Amazingly, with all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media.
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed, with the rest to go shoWhile under no obligation to do so, I have raised between 5 &amp, 6 million dollars, including 1million dollars from me, for our VETERANS. Nice!
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Obama’s VA Secretary just said we shouldn't measurewait times. Hillary says VA problems are not ‘widespread.’ I will take care ofour vets!
In trade, military and EVERYTHING else, it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We can’t allow this. Time to get smaHow can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam, which horribly oppresses women?
Why do the networks continue to put dopey @BillKristol on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
Crooked Hillary said that I want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!
.@CNN is so negative, getting even worse as I get closer. Just had two anti-Trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. Turning off!
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TSA is falling apaCrooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!
Thank you @TheTodaysGolfer for the wonderful statement that "the new par 3 9th hole @Trump Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain.
Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today @TGowdySC. It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint! #Trump2016
Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!
Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - Bernie said the same thing!
How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the @nytimes as a disgusting fraud? Thank you Rowanne.
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane depaMy list of potential U.S. Supreme Cou"Some low-life journalist claims that I "made a pass" at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like the @nytimes story which has become a joke!"
Why did Clinton suppoBernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Paul Begala, the dopey @CNN flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me.
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you.
Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discredited @nytimes hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!
I can't believe that @CNN would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN!
Will go back on for a final question now!
I like Michael Douglas!
I will be live tweeting @megynkelly Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize?
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged!
I look forward to watching @megynkelly tonight, 8 PM ET. It will be interesting to see how she treats me—I think she will be very fair.
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA, the worst economic deal in U.S. history?
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so, he should run,not her.Will he bring the "energizer" to D.C.?
Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China
The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. "You can tell them to go BLANK themselves" - was about China, NOT WOMEN!
Wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?
What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back. I said no.
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!
"In politics, and in life, ignorance is not a viThe writer of the now proven false story in the @nytimes, Michael Barbaro, who was interviewed on CBS this morning, was unable to respond.
Over 50 women were interviewed by the @nytimes yet they only wrote about 6. That’s because there were so many positive statements.
No wonder the @nytimes is failing—who can believe what they write after the false, malicious &amp, libelous story they did on me.
The failing @nytimes is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women.
With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing @nytimes hit piece on me, we have exposed the a"A political commentator for @cnn, which I no longer watch, said "Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries." I set all-time record!"
Wow, Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday, was on @foxandfriends saying Times lied
The @nytimes is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer, who said it was a lie!
That was an amazing interview on @foxandfriends - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the @nytimes is!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run.
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False repoWhy did the failing @nytimes refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!
Wow, I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing @nytimes piece. Massive front page for that!
Why doesn't the failing @nytimes write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!
Everyone is laughing at the @nytimes for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use
"@M"@QueenCharlotteO: @realDonaldTrump @nytimes I'm a women &amp, I 100% suppoThe failing @nytimes wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women, they found nothing. A joke!
Thank you for the nice words this morning @KellyRiddell. Well delivered and totally logical! @CNN @FoxNews
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?
.@thehill Your story about me &amp, the carbon tax is absolutely incorrect—it is just the opposite. I will not suppoSenator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more!
If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren, we’d have no jobs in America—she doesn’t have a clue.
In interview I told @AP that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!
Isn’t it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump &amp, gets nothing done in Senate?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See media—asking for increase!
Our Native American Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren, couldn’t care less about the American worker...does nothing to help!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you...”
If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been, she would lose!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren didn’t have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!
I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me &amp, I can’t tell the truth about her husband? Don’t feel sorry for crooked Hillary!
It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote!
It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.
It was Rosie O'Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me, not Crooked Hillary! @maWhy does the media, with a strong push from Crooked Hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!
. #RepMikeKelly Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. Thank you for the nice words!
Get out and vote Nebraska, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Get out and vote West Virginia, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican paIf I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton, I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beat—she had one!
Wow, I hear @Morning_Joe has gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!
I will be interviewed on @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
.@drmoore Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no hea"@mathewjmari: On @FaceTheNation #MattSchlapp was on the ball &amp, #jenniferrubin is in a time warped stupor. @realDonaldTrump will EXPAND #GOP"
I will be interviewed on @NewDay @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican PaOn @seanhannity show @FoxNews now. ENJOY!
Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS, and China on trade, and Mexico at the border. Bad!
.@KellyannePolls Kellyanne, you were fantastic on @meetthepress today. Keep going - I will win for the people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @meetthepress this morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy!
.@EdGoeas thank you for your suppoRemember when the two failed presidential candidates, Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal, no honor!
I am honored that the great men and women of the @Teamsters have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you.
I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S., and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue! @Teamsters
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk, no action -- maybe her Native American name?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts.
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and suppoJust met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant, but leaves behind amazing legacy.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton’s flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.
Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren’s records to see if she is Native American. I say she’s a fraud!
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
I hear @JoeNBC of rapidly fading @Morning_Joe is pushing hard for a third paJoe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didn't work. Not much power or insight!
Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more impoCrooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says, she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Pa"@Ausbiz: Many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain"
So many great endorsements yesterday, except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Governor Rick Perry said "Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen." Thank you Rick!
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!
Thank you West Virginia. Let's keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big. #Trump2016
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said, "We are going to put a whole lot of coal miners&amp,coal companies out of business." She then apologized.
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp, otherwise. He should show them, &amp, run as an Independent.
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on @TODAYshow and Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M.
I will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 6:15 A.M. Enjoy!
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
.@oreillyfactor Please correct, I WON Virginia!
Thank you Indiana, we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!
Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will, and must, win Indiana. If he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time &amp, money
Will be in South Bend, Indiana in a shoWill be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! #INPrimary
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great, and the suppoEverybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA.
I will be interviewed on @CNN @NewDay at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
.@KarlRove is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good &amp, never will, even after I beat Hillary. Shouldn't be on the air!
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!
Thank you @MikeOzanian for the nice comments on @FoxNews today. Great job!
The "protesters" in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!
.@AC360 Anderson, so amazing. Your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!
Wow, the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!
So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!
I will be in Evansville, Indiana, with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there!
Lyin' Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effoI will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:00 A.M. this morning. Enjoy!
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad!
How bad is the New York Times—the most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!
Thank you for the incredible suppoBernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp, otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent!
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work.
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors &amp, special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!
Wow, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!
I am happy to hear how badly the @nytimes is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!
I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!
.@Borisep was great on @JudgeJeanine tonight. Very smaAs soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!
Thank you for the incredible suppoI met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted.
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican PaSenator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
I will be doing the @TODAYshow with my wife, Melania, and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully, it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M.
We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!
Thank you New York, I will never forget!
.@CNN is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel, angry haters. Bill O @oreillyfactor said such an amazing thing about me!
A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY!
Lyin’ Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!
Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him &amp, K
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a foLyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work!
Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him.
I'll be in one of my favorite places this morning, Staten Island. Big crowd, will be fun!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 9:00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!
Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote!
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shoBiggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
Great to be on @andersoncooper tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 A.M. (EASTERN).
Leaving for Albany, New York now, massive crowd expected. Very exciting!
Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly (@oreillyfactor) is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so!
This is happening all over our country—great people being disenfranchised bypoliticians. Repub pa"@AnnesLimo: @realDonaldTrump @WVTTS1017 Thanks for Rochester rally." Great people, thank you!"
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!
I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all soThe @nytimes purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!
Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight
"@R_U_OK_UK: @realDonaldTrump @glozee1 @PaulManafo"@glozee1: Great interview with @PaulManafo"@WPayton344: @PaulManafoSo great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it!
Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17,000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island--- great to be home!
I was not scheduled to be on the @oreillyfactor. Pure fiction!
It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!
Wisconsin, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Will be interviewed on @SeanHannity on @FoxNews from #Wisconsin tonight. My wife, Melania, will join me for the entire show.
Just depaThis Tweet from @realDonaldTrump has been withheld in response to a repoA great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am on @FoxNews with @greta doing a town hall, from Wisconsin- now! Enjoy!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Congratulations to @gohermie for winning the @ShellHouOpen. We are all proud of you @TNGCBedminster &amp, all @TrumpGolf clubs! Great going!
I will be on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by @jdickerson on @FaceTheNation tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #Trump2016
.@FoxNews should be ashamed for allowing expe.@HeyTammyBruce- Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear, which you would agree with!
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
If @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with @AC360 beat her by millions!
Is it possible for @megynkelly to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD.
Can you believe that Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?
For the 1st time in American history, America’s 16,500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsement—me! Thank you.
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical &amp, economic threat facing the American people!
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!
.@DavidGregory got thrown off of TV by NBC, fired like a dog! Now he is on @CNN being nasty to me. Not nice!
Why aren't people looking at this repoWow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a repoHow come the @TODAYshow &amp, @chucktodd show the new @NBCNews Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican PaWow, @CNN has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair repoWe need to secure our borders ASAP. No games, we must be smaLyin' Ted, I have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs &amp, illegal imm!
Lyin'Ted Cruz is weak &amp, losing big, so now he wants to debate again. But, according to Drudge,Time and on-line polls, I have won all debates
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me!
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a must!
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called "leaders" ever learn!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30. Things are looking good, had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!
The United States cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great! JOBS!
Another radical Islamic attack, this time in Pakistan, targeting Christian women &amp, children. At least 67 dead,400 injured. I alone can solve
Happy Easter to all, have a great day!
My statement on NATO being obsolete and dispropoWow, sleepy eyes @chucktodd is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others
I am interviewed on This Week on @ABC this morning. Enjoy!
Remember, I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters, I am not bought like others!
Don't believe the @FoxNews Polls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election.
Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S., jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!
Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite!
The media is so after me on women Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!
Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who also knew of the Brussels attack, is no longer talking. Weak leaders, ridiculous laws!
"@11phenomenon: #LyingTed blames @realDonaldTrump for so many things I am staWow, just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?
Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U.S. I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!
Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs. @abc is wasting time
.@TheView T.V. show, which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air, is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM "NO
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!
It is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NATO!
"Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a "hell hole" and a mess and the failing @nytimes wrote a critical aThese politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years, do nothing to make things better!
.@LindseyGrahamSC and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS, do nothing!
It is amazing how @LindseyGrahamSC gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!
We pay a dispropoN.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I want to thank @RealSheriffJoe for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!
I think having Jeb's endorsement huI will be the best by far in fighting terror. I’m the only one that was right from the beginning, &amp, now Lyin’ Ted &amp, others are copying me.
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. She’s been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!
Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates, Lyin’ Ted Cruz. Honestly, I can’t blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion!
Lyin’ Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me, and lines from Michael Douglas— just another dishonest politician.
Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!
Hopefully the Republican PaMuch bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you, I will never forget!
Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in. No way!
Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately &amp, get home to Washington- where a #POTUS, under a serious emergency belongs!
Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame.
I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and it’s not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba, especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!
Wow, President Obama just landed in Cuba, a big deal, and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!
So the highly overrated anchor, @megynkelly, is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show, but I can't fight back? Wrong!
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday, delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours, and the media blames my suppoWhy is it that the horrendous protesters, who scream, curse punch, shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES, are never blamed by media? SAD!
Will be interviewed on @ThisWeekABC this morning. Enjoy!
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon.
Thank you- Tucson, Arizona! A great afternoon with 6,000 suppo.@AndreaTantaros- You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@jessebwatters- Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic- everybody loves it!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@DiamondandSilk- Just watched you on #WattersWorld with a large group of people. Everybody loves you- two amazing people! #Trump2016
If crazy @megynkelly didn't cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!
Crazy @megynkelly says I don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
Reading @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times is a total waste of time, he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy!
While I have never met @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times, I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world!
Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Watching @loudobbsnews- fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan.
Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. Love Utah- will be back!
Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri?
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich &amp, Marco Rubio, and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney, the man who "choked" and let us all down, is now endorsing Lyin' Ted Cruz. This is good for me!
Going to Salt Lake City, Utah, for a big rally. Lyin' Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons don't like LIARS! I beat Hillary
Club for Growth letter- trying to extoClub For Growth tried to extoWith millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment, my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?
.@EWErickson got fired like a dog from RedStateand now he is the one leading opposition against me.
Senator @LindseyGrahamSC made horrible statements about @SenTedCruz – and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!
Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!
Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Highly overrated &amp, crazy @megynkelly is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn!
Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!
Please explain to the dummies at the @WSJ Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won, according to Drudge etc., all 11 of them!
.@WSJ is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me!
.@WSJ Editorial says "Clinton primary vote total is 8,646,551.Trump's is 7,533,692"-a knock. But she had only 3 opponents-I had 16.Apologize
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smaCrazy @megynkelly is now complaining that @oreillyfactor did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!
Great news that @FoxNews has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating
Crazy @megynkelly supposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win!
StuaI will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel. @oreillyfactor
Wow, just won Missouri!
I am making a big speech the night of the @FoxNews debate, but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!
Thank you to the Governor of Florida, Rick Scott, for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your suppoIn the last 2 weeks, I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida &amp, I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!
Yesterday was amazing—5 victories. Lyin’ Ted Cruzhad zero. Things are going very well!
.@RepTomMarino Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!
.@pastormarkburns You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:40. ENJOY!
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!
Thank you Illinois! #SupeThank you, NoI will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm EST on @FoxNews! Enjoy!
Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy @megynkelly is unwatchable.
Thank you, Florida! #SupeThank you, NoCan't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people, big &amp, over!
"@J_Styborski: @realDonaldTrump @gregens21 @Be"@jsconlon11: @Be"@gregens21: @Be"@BeWord is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false.
I will bring our jobs back to the U.S., and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will "sing" again.
In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him, I will beat Hillary!
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!
Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate, until I put him down.
#VoteTrump #SupeNoJust in, big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you! #SupeGood morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter, @IvankaTrump! #VoteTrump #SupeDon't reward Mitt Romney, who let us all down in the last presidential race, by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA, open borders etc.).
Please remember, I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!
I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and ObamaCare, protect 2nd A, build WALL
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration, with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kasich voted for NAFTA, a disaster for Ohio, and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA, which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers!
Leaving the great people of NoLook forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you, Florida!
The failing @nytimes is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- &amp, should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.
Thank you Kevin. With unification of the paGov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television, he only watches the @GolfChannel
Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA, from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP, which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my suppo"@alextrent4: It is repulsive that Trump was assaulted+politicians used that 2 fuWow, Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania, not enough signatures. Big problem!
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D.C. No way
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio. No way to run a country!
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman, &amp, their minions are working oveThe rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false repoThank you Dayton, Ohio! 20,000 suppoMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
On my way to Dayton, Ohio. Will be there soon!
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false repoOhio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil, they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!
The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America!
Dr. Ben Carson- I concur. "I believe in God who can change people- he can make any of us better."@RealBenCarson
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars, &amp, is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!
Thank you Hawaii! #Trump2016
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful suppoThank you Michigan! #Trump2016
Thank you Mississippi! #Trump2016
Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow, and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now!
I hear @NBCNews / @WSJ came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading, they are totally discredited after last S.C. poll
The negative television commercials about me, paid for by the politicians bosses, are a total #Mediafraud. When you watch, remember!
Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president, got ZERO, and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad!
Remember, I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. All of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!
Sun Sentinel says: Rubio lacks the experience, work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. I’ll be there very soon. Vote for me, Hawaii!
Cruz came to Mississippi, there was nobody there, he left the state. I had a rally in Madison, MS with 10,000! Thank you!
It was great being in Michigan. Remember, I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!
Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!
Leaving for NoCongratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate, he is scamming Florida
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama (twice), ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of $'s in false ads!
Lindsey Graham is all over T.V., much like failed 47% candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty, angry, jealous failures have ZERO credibility!
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run, brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Now nasty!
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook &amp, Twitter. Watch!
All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS, the bandits that tell your pols what to do
.@meetthepress and @chucktodd did a 1 hour hit job on me today – totally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media!
I am at Trump National Doral-best resoThank you to @jdickerson and @FaceTheNation for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are #1 in the ratings!
The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful!
Nancy Reagan, the wife of a truly great President, was an amazing woman. She will be missed!
David Brooks, of the New York Times, is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesn’t have a clue.
FLORIDA: Do not miss this oppoI will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning. Enjoy! @jdickerson
.@FoxNews is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states, great!
Thank you Kentucky! #Trump2016#SuperSaturday
Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016#SuperSaturday
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship @TrumpDoral in Miami tomorrow! Rory, Phil, Bubba, Adam, and Dustin all at the top!
Thank you Willie RobeI would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship @TrumpDoral in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the #TrumpTrain!
I am watching two clown announcers on @FoxNews as they try to build up failed presidential candidate #LittleMarco. Fox News is in the bag!
Romney's failed advisors, like campaign mgr Stua.@MittRomney was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke, and everyone knows it!
Thank you, Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now, be there soon!
Getting ready to make my speech at #KansasCaucus. A great honor! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. Really amazing! #CaucusFoTo the people of Kentucky, Rand Paul didn't want you. Now he runs back due to his presidential failure. #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re: caucus. Made a fool of himself (1%.)KY his 2nd choice!
Will be in Orlando, Florida, this afternoon. 25,000 people expected. This is a movement like our GREAT COUNTRY has never seen before!
Wow, big lines in Kansas.
For all of today's voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign, I am not bought and paid for!
Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now, polls open. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita, and then go to caucus. Sorry CPAC (the format was fine!).
The Better Business Bureau repoRubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true, not my pilot! Guy owned helicopter company- don't think I ever even used.
THANK YOU POOn my way to South Carolina. Big Crowd--- look forward to it!
On my way to see the great people of Maine. Will be landing in PoWill miss @RealBenCarson tonight at the #GOPDebate. I hope all of Ben's followers will join the #TrumpTrain. We will never forget.
Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW!
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want to go to cou"Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?
"I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney, who doesn't know how to win. Hillary wants no paWhy would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who, as a Senator, never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke!
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Pa"Failed candidate Mitt Romney,who ran one of the worst races in presidential history,is working with the establishment to bury a big "R" win!"
"@malski1954: I changed paLooks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio &amp, Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS
I would love to see the Republican paJust another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2)
.@CNN poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia, where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam, his house sale &amp, his no show voting!
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me.
Lets go America! Get out &amp, #VoteTrump! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#SupeMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!
Trump University has a 98% approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of principle!
My sons, Don and Eric, are on @foxandfriends now 7:35. Great kids, enjoy!
I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville/Madison Alabama! Landing now! #Trump2016
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!
Mitt Romney didn't show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21, 2012, and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab!
Why would the people of Texas suppo"Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida, is set to be the "puppet" of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH!"
Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!
I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get.
While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins, Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.GROWING PA"The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to "hit" Trump.I signed the pledge-careful"
While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil), word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida
Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as sma.#RogerStone was just banned by @CNN - their loss! Tough, loyal guy.
I staI only wish my wonderful father, Fred, gave me $200 million to staFun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people!
I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz!
Tax expeI unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?
I will be on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz!
Thank you Pastor Robe"@JerryJrFalwell: A majority of evangelicals believe @realDonaldTrump is best equipped to save the country. #Greta"
Thank you for your suppoThey don't like Rubio in Florida- he left them high &amp, dry. Doesn't even show up for votes!
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a choker! Mr. Meltdown.
Wow, every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!
Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effoWill be at FoWhy would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!
Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy, not one Senate endorsement and, despite talk, gets nothing done. Loser!
I will be making a speech at 12:00 in Fo"@WaltSeher: @realDonaldTrump @morg25016893 @eventbrite yup 200 Polish immigrants were hired by his contractor not Trump"
Failed presidential candidate @MittRomney was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid &amp, didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12.
FMR PRES of Mexico, Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!
Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didn't win South Carolina, it's over. He didn't win- and lost to me in a landslide!
I'm going to do what @MittRomney was totally unable to do- WIN!
Just for your info, tax returns have 0 to do w/ someone’s net woWhy doesn’t @MittRomney just endorse @marcorubio already.Should have done it before NH or Nevada where he had a little sway. Too latenow!
Mitt Romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope!
.@RepChrisCollins Chris, thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down! @CNN
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear, I will get most of his votes - no problem!
Why would Texans vote for "liar" Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada, lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around, he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!
Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy
In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey @KarlRove. He should be fired!
.@USATODAY Poll and @QuinnipiacPoll say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havn't even staBig defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. @KarlRove on @FoxNews is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL.
GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8:30 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My wife Melania will be on @Morning_Joe tomorrow morning at 8:00. Interviewed by @morningmika - Enjoy!
Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads.
Great. Just repoWow, great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points, beating K!
Unlike the other Republican candidates, I will be in Nevada all day and night - I won't be fleeing, in and out. I love &amp, invest in Nevada!
I am growing the Republican Pa"@jojo2foxy: TRUMP IS UNSTOPPABLE....HE IS WHAT COMMON SENSE AMERICANS WANT WHETHER REPUBLICAN, INDEPENDENT OR A REAGAN DEMOCRAT."
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out &amp, said no!
Ted Cruz does not have the right "temperment" to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked.
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration.
"Ted Cruz said on @oreillyfactor that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!
A big fat hit job on @oreillyfactor tonight. A total waste of time to watch, boring and biased. @brithume said I would never run, a dope!
Great Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. (Eastern) conducted by @seanhannity on @FoxNews
Thank you Michigan! #VoteTrumpMITrump 35%Kasich 17%Cruz 12%Rubio 12%Carson 9% Via: ARG
Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist, StuaThank you Illinois! Great news! #VoteTrumpIL on 3/15!Trump 28%Cruz 15%Rubio 14%Kasich 13%Bush 8%Carson 6%Simon Poll/SIU
Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad.
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false, more diTed Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and diTed Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!
Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More diIt is so impoThank you for your endorsement @paulteutulsr! #BikersFoMany people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
I hear the Rickets family, who own the Chicago Cubs, are secretly spending $'s against me. They better be careful, they have a lot to hide!
The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR, and Evangelicals do not like liars!
I am in Las Vegas, at the best hotel (by far), Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada!
A number of months ago, I was not expected to win South Carolina,Ted Cruz was, and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN!
The failing @WSJ Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased!
I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!
What a great night. Thank you South Carolina, a special place with truly amazing people! LOVE
People (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE)
South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today), and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Don't allow it
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!
"@JoeNBC: Trump expressed concerns months after the Iraq War began, while 60% of Americans still suppoI am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates!
Lying #Ted Cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina. Big crowds, great people. Going for a third now!
Boycott all Apple products until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal
Hopefully others will follow suit. Our country needs &amp, should demand security. It is time to get tough &amp, be smaI use both iPhone &amp, Samsung. If Apple doesn't give info to authorities on the terrorists I'll only be using Samsung until they give info.
Remember, Cruz and Bush gave us RobeI’m self-funding and I am going to take care of the people – not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.
I will replace it with private plans, health savings accounts, &amp, allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice &amp, freedom for consumer.
I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law, in its entirety, &amp, replace it w/ something much better.
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper &amp, have been consistent- I will repeal all of #ObamaCare, including the mandate, period.
Tonight I will be on @FoxNews with @SeanHannity at 10pm and @CNN w/ @AndersonCooper at 10:10pm. Enjoy! #VoteTrumpSC #Trump2016
I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!
.@FoxNews is changing their theme from "fair and balanced" to "unfair and unbalanced." But dying @WSJ is worse.Their phony poll is a joke!
New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!
I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The just out USA Today National Poll, where I lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, I beat both Hillary and Bernie.
Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool, but it's far too late. 1% in Nevada!
Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1%, he should take his dumb mouthpiece, @LindseyGrahamSC, and just go home.
.@FoxNews is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!
I will beat Hillary easily, but Lindsey Graham says I won't, and yet he got zero against me- no cred! Why does FOX put him on?
.@lindseygraham, who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on @FoxNews.
Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I "would never be president" - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!
Why does @megynkelly devote so much time on her shows to me, almost always negative? Without me her ratings would tank. Get a life Megyn!
Thank you @kayleighmcenany for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina. @CNN @donlemon
.@brithume thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race, someone will pick up ALL of that vote. The fact is I will get much of it!
Explain to @brithume and @megynkelly, who know nothing, that I will beat Hillary and win states (and dem-indie votes) that no other R can!
Just sat down for a great interview with @PHussionWYFF in Greenville today. Watch at 5pm. An amazing day in South Carolina! #VoteTrumpSC
New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big, Cruz, Rubio and Bush down. The debate results, even with a stacked RNC audience, were wonderful!
Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same.
I'd like to call JEB a liar, but the truth is he has no clue &amp, never revealed that he used Eminent Domain- when criticizing me! (1/2)
Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!), is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center, Iraq War and eco collapse? Careful!
I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG, BIG, BIG! Get out and vote - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates, Hillary would destroy them. Ted may not be eligible to run - born in Canada
Funny that Jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last name.Then mommy, now brother!
Ted Cruz, along with Jeb Bush, pushed Justice John RobeWow, in the new CBS Poll I went way up into the foTickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists &amp, special interests - the bosses!
Loved the debate last night, and almost everyone said I won, but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. All donors &amp, special ints
Thank you for your suppoI will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy!
This shows what a complete &amp, total liar Ted Cruz is- he said he wouldn't have nominated John Robe"@autumnandews08: @realDonaldTrump @JebBush Jeb is incompetent and will lose, don't waste your energy on that cry baby!"
Even though every poll, Time, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate by a lot, @FoxNews only puts negative people on. Biased - a total joke!
Hey @glennbeck- see how I beat your boy Ted- in your own Blaze poll? Your endorsement means nothing! #GOPDebate
All polls have me winning debate big- Drudge, TIME, etc. Dopey Charles Krauthammer still nasty. He has zero cred- totally dishonest!
How can @JebBush beat Hillary Clinton- if he can't beat anyone else on the #GOPDebate stage with $150M? I am the only one who can!
Lightweight @JebBush said tonight he didn't know his family used private eminent domain in Texas- Lie! #GOPDebate
Ted Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts!
Nasty Ted Cruz is at it again- same diWow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate Washington &amp, Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud!
The totally unexpected loss of Supreme CouLove the people of South Carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight.
Wow, Jeb Bush, whose campaign is a total disaster, had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. Not nice!
A very big thank you to Bill Donohue, head of The Catholic League, for the wonderful interview on @CNN and aTotally unauthorized, do not pay. I am self funding my campaign! Notice has just been withdrawn. #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The RNC, which is probably not on my side, just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC.
Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow.
Word is that little MoWhen little Mo11,000 inside venue tonight in Tampa! Broke record set by Elton John in 1988 w/out musical instruments! Another 5,000 outside. Will be back!
Millions of $'s of false ads, paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater @SenTedCruz and sleepy @JebBush, are now running in S.C.
Last time lightweight @JebBush tried to knock off @marcorubio he made a total fool of himself. If he doesn't do better this time, he is out!
If @TedCruz doesn’t clean up his act, stop cheating, &amp, doing negative ads, I have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen.
Lightweight @JebBush is spending a foAfter hearing the news that they would not be able to extoNothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution, which naturally, they did not get.
How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?
Lying Cruz put out a statement, “Trump &amp, Rubio are w/Obama on gay marriage." Cruz is the worst liar, crazy or very dishonest. Perhaps all 3?
Heading to Baton Rouge, Louisiana for a speech. Expecting a very large crowd! See you soon. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"We are getting repoJeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance!
He (or she) who hesitates is lost: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember, it was the Republican Pa.@MarkHalperin showed a focus group on @Morning_Joe me using a very bad word. I never said the word, left an open blank. Please apologize!
Jeb Bush spent more than $40,000,000 in New Hampshire to come in 4 or 5, I spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. Big difference in capability!
There are no buyers for the woI have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core--- keep education local!
I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core.
Big speech tonight in South Carolina - 7:00 P.M. Tremendous crowd!
"So funny, Jeb Bush called me a "highly gifted politician and a great enteSuch a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today.
Like the woWoDopey Mo"@MarkHalperin: My repoThank you to the people of New Hampshire, I love you! Now, off to South Carolina.
Thank you, New Hampshire! DepaWe will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into New Hampshire from our open southern border. We will build a WALL and have security.
We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $'s and have much better healthcare!
ISIS is making big threats today - no respect for U.S.A. or our "leader" - If I win it will be a very different story,with very fast results
New Hampshire vote today - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:40. A.M. Enjoy!
The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great!
No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
I know the "Governors" and Jeb Bush, who has gone nasty with lies, is by far the weakest of the lot. His family used private eminent domain!
Remember @JebBush wants COMMON CORE (education from D.C.) and is very weak on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION ("come as act of love"). Not a leader!
Now that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign, he says he would end super PACs. Sad!
Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure!
Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of #CommonCore and very weak on illegal immigration.
Thank you for your suppoJeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a foMy two wonderful sons, Don and Eric, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 - now! Enjoy.
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the #GOPDebate last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl. #SuperBowlSunday #SB50
I am on @foxandfriends now! Tune in!
I will be on State of the Union @CNN with @jaketapper at 9am. Enjoy!
I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening!
Really dumb @CheriJacobus. Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser, zero credibility!
Heading to South Carolina, really big crowd! Will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow.#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Such great suppoI very much look forward to tomorrow’s debate in New Hampshire—so many things to say, so much at stake. It will be an incredible evening!
Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days.
I will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at 8pm on @CNN from New Hampshire. Should be very interesting!
Thank you @billoreilly &amp, @KarlRove. Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa, with each candidate moving up one notch.
Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat!
"Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for "deceit and diCruz just lied again- I am, and have been totally against #ObamaCare- repeal and replace!
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M. Enjoy! @FoxNews
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.
And finally, Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and "choice" - a total lie!
The Voter Violation ceMany people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also, Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION ceDuring primetime of the Iowa Caucus, Cruz put out a release that @RealBenCarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz.
Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa, he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!
Great job on @donlemon tonight @kayleighmcenany @cherijacobus begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy! @CNN
Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruz's far too long, rambling, overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his Howard Dean moment!
.@Morning_Joe @mikebarnicle on @realDonaldTrump: He finished 2nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro
I don't believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign, the only one. I will keep doing, but not woI will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd
The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!
Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa, I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz &amp, Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor
My experience in Iowa was a great one. I sta"It all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Watch @IvankaTrump show you how easy it is to #CaucusFoSo nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places! #CaucusFoIt is time to take back our country- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#CaucusFoI will be interviewed on Face The Nation with @jdickerson this morning. Enjoy!
I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With @GStephanopoulos this morning. ENJOY!
If I would have done the last debate, a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). Also, VETS got $6,000,000.
By not doing the failed, poorly rated debate, I was able to make the point of not allowing "unfairness" - while raising $6,000,000 for VETS.
Wow, just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me, will repeal &amp, replace. He lies!
Ted Cruz is in trouble for not repoTed Cruz is totally unelectable, if he even gets to run (born in Canada). Will loose big to Hillary. Polls show I beat Hillary easily! WIN!
I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife, Melania. After church I will be making two speeches and touring the State!
.@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and con man. When I wouldn't give him free hotel rooms and much more, he endorsed Cruz. @foxandfriends
.@bobvanderplaats asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100,000 for himself.Phony @foxandfriends
.@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms, free (and more). I said pay and he endorsed Cruz!
The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters "in violation." They are now under investigation. Bad!
I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning. Finally, after all these years of watching stupidity, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!
THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers, behind the scenes in Iowa! #CaucusFo"@gigglemitz: @GeraldoRivera @FoxNews damn fox is really acting like a baby today. I guess Trump got under their skin - pretty biased!"
Looking forward to a great weekend in Iowa! #IACaucus #CaucusFo.@oreillyfactor The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights, as I will do for the U.S. Also got $6,000,000 for our VETS!
.@FoxNews is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6,000,000 raised in one hour for our VETS.
Amazing that Ted Cruz can't even get a Senator like @BenSasse, who is easy, to endorse him. Not one Senator is endorsing Canada Ted!
.@BenSasse looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected? @greta
The great State of Nebraska can do much better than @BenSasse as your Senator. Saw him on @greta - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols.
The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum, how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?
Getting ready to take off for Nashua, New Hampshire. Big crowd, will be there soon. Fun!
Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6,000,000 for our great vets. They were so happy &amp, proud
Thank you for the kind words tonight, @OMAROSA. You were great! See you soon!
An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6,000,000.00 while the politicians talked! #GOPDebate
The "debate" tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with adve"@laurencristmann: @realDonaldTrump why do they have so many debates this year?? Also, why is Cruz still allowed to run, he's not eligible
Wow, two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University.
On Greta, 87% of the people said they would not watch the debate if I'm not in it. Wow- what an honor!
It was the childishly written &amp, taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate, more so than lightweight repoI will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. (Eastern). Enjoy!
Even though I beat him in the first six debates, especially the last one, Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada?
Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!
The statement put out yesterday by @FoxNews was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty &amp, dumb
Do you think @SenTedCruz knows about @bobvanderplaats dealings? Actually, I doubt it!
.@bobvanderplaats begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100,000 for himself—a bad guy!
I will be interviewed by @MariaBa"@laurencristmann: @Sharp_Trident @megynkelly it makes me not wanna watch debate because I know they are going to treat Trump unfair"
I will be doing @GMA @GStephanopoulos this morning at around 7:00. Likewise, I will be doing @Morning_Joe at around 7:00. Figure it out!
Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue sho"@realDonaldTrump &amp, @HillaryClinton leading POLLS w/ one week until #IowaCaucus ...MORE on the 2016 elections TONIGHT on @FoxBusiness 7PM"
Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd- looking forward to it! #FITN
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jeb's. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!
Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work!
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll #'s are way down!
I will be on @CNNSitRoom with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est. on @CNN.
I will be on Morning's with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours.
I will be on The Situation Room with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est on CNN
It's time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada, or get out of race
I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U.S. @CBSNews Enjoy!
I will be on @meetthepress this morning at various times across the U.S. @NBCNews Enjoy!
Word is that crying @GlennBeck left the GOP and doesn't have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock.
Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine, Iowa.
I will be on FOX with the great @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9pm EST! Enjoy! #Trump2016
.@williebosshog such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello!
Heading now to Pella, Iowa. Big crowd! Remember, Trump is a big buyer of Pella windows. See you soon!
Based on @MegynKelly's conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate.
Heading to Sioux County, Iowa, where the crowd is amazing. Dr. RobeTed Cruz poll numbers are down big. Because he was born in Canada and was, until recently, a Canadian citizen, many believe he cannot run!
I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull, politicians are all talk and no action-it won't happen!
.@AnnCoulter has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders, we will build a WALL and Mexico will pay. We will be great again!
I am in Iowa. Will be making two speeches today. Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast. Enjoy the beauty of the storm!
A wonderful aIs Cruz honest? He is in bed w/ Wall St. &amp, is funded by Goldman Sachs/Citi, low interest loans. No legal disclosure &amp, never sold off assets.
Cruz did not renounce his Canadian citizenship as a US Senator- only when he staCruz says I suppoThe only reason irrelevant @GlennBeck doesn't like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times. Very few listeners - sad!
.@BrentBozell, one of the National Review lightweights, came to my office begging for money like a dog. Why doesn't he say that?
Just watched Jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb --- mom can't help you with ISIS, the Chinese or with Putin.
Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - what's going on? Is it Goldman Sachs/Citi loans or Canada?
Rush Limbaugh is great, tells it as he sees it---really honorable guy! Thanks Rush! #Trump2016
Wow! New National Zogby Poll just out:.TRUMP 45. CRUZ 13. RUBIO 8. Big numbers.
Leaving Nevada now for Iowa. Things are looking good - great new polls!
Blowout numbers on New Jobs and, separately, Services. Market up!
The dying @NRO National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary!
Great job on Fox this morning @KatiePavlich. I am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much!
After spending $89 million, @JebBush is at the bottom of the barrel in polls. He is ashamed to use the name "Bush" in ads. Low energy guy!
Highly respected Constitutional law professor Mary Brigid McManamon has just stated, "Ted Cruz is not eligible to be President." Big problem
Ted Cruz complains about my views on eminent domain, but without it we wouldn't have roads, highways, airpoThe late, great, William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize, the dying National Review!
Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize, but not how to lead.
National Review is a failing publication that has lost it's way. It's circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. Sad!
Happy biNew Day on CNN treats me very badly. @AlisynCamerota is a disaster. Not going to watch anymore.
Low energy candidate @JebBush has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. Millions spent on me. He should go home and relax!
Sad sack @JebBush has just done another ad on me, with special interest money, saying I won't beat Hillary - I WILL. But he can't beat me.
So sad that @CNN and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma. Dishonest repo"@AmericanAsPie: @glennbeck @SarahPalinUSA Remember when Glenn gave out gifts to ILLEGAL ALIENS at crossing the border? Me too!"
Wacko @glennbeck is a sad answer to the @SarahPalinUSA endorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted. Glenn is a failing, crying, lost soul!
“Palin’s brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower,” said Ralph Reed, the chairman of the Faith &amp, Freedom Coalition.
Wow, the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that "Ted Cruz must be defeated." Big shoker! People do not like Ted.
Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories.
Dope Frank Bruni said I called many people, including Karl Rove, losers-true! I never called my friend @HowardStern a loser- he’s a winner!
.@tedcruz Conflicting Stances on BiWow, new polls just out have Trump up and Cruz down - he is a nervous wreck!
I don't think Ted Cruz can even run for President until he can assure Republican voters that being born in Canada is not a problem. Doubt!
I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money, not controlled. Cruz is spending $millions on ads paid for by his N.Y. bosses.
In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners. They get $150 billion, 7 most wanted and many off watch list. This will create great incentive for others!
Wow! Ted Cruz received $487K in campaign contributions, $11M from a NY hedge fund mogul, &amp, $1M low int. loan from Goldman Sachs. Hypocrite
DepaGreatly dishonest of @TedCruz to file a financial disclosure form &amp, not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up Wall St
When will @TedCruz give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him.
Everybody that loves the people of New York, and all they have been thru, should get hypocrites like Ted Cruz out of politics!
If Ted Cruz is so opposed to gay marriage, why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?
Ted Cruz purposely, and illegally, did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks. They own him!
"Based on the fact that Ted Cruz was born in Canada and is therefore a "natural born Canadian," did he borrow unrepoOh no, just repoThe Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember, his wife's employer, and his lender, is located there!
Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him, he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer!
Ted Cruz said he "didn't know" that he was a Canadian Citizen. He also FORGOT to file his Goldman Sachs Million $ loan papers.Not believable
Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you so
More radical Islam attacks today - it never ends! Strengthen the borders, we must be vigilant and sma.@FrankLuntz is a total clown. Has zero credibility! @FoxNews @megynkelly
.@oreillyfactor please explain to the very dumb and failing @glennbeck that I suppoJust got back from Iowa - had a great time with amazing people. Will be back soon!
.@GeraldoRivera Thank you Geraldo for your nice words on @oreillyfactor tonight. You are a true champion! Thank @ericbolling - great guy!
Jusr watched #HarveyPitt on @TeamCavuto - he was great!
Sen. Lindsey Graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for President and now fuJeb Bush, who did poorly last night in the debate and whose chances of winning are zero, just got Graham endorsement. Graham quit at O.
Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors? Our country was humiliated.
United States looks more and more like a paper tiger. Won't be that way if I win!
StuaIran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures &amp, images. We are weak. I will NOT forget!
Why does @CNN &amp, @andersoncooper waste ai.@EricTrump- unbelievable job on #FoxNews with @greta. That was better than I could do! #Trump2016
Sadly, there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue!
Thank you for your suppoIran toys with U.S. days before we pay them, ridiculously, billions of dollars. Don't release money. We want our hostages back NOW!
Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her, voter turnout will be the highest in U.S. history-I get most new voters!
The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring, rambling and non-substantive I have heard in a long time. New leadership fast!
Just found out that @tedcruz is spending a foThe #SOTU speech is really boring, slow, lethargic - very hard to watch!
The Iran deal is terrible. Why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia. #SOTU
On my way to Cedar Falls, Iowa, now. Will be great--I love the people of Iowa!
The Tonight Show begins in 5 minutes. Enjoy!
.@stua"@CLewandowski_: .@stuaFantastic job on @CNN tonight. @kayleighmcenany is a winner! @donlemon
Don't forget to watch The Tonight Show with the wonderful @jimmyfallon at 11:30 P.M. You will not be disappointed! @NBC
Face The Nation's interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. Congratulations and WOW! @CBSNews @jdickerson
.@MajorCBS Major Garrett of @CBSNews covers me very inaccurately. Total agenda, bad repoThank you Michael Harrison @Talkersmagazine for your kind words - greatly appreciated!
.@megynkelly recently said that she can’t be wooed by Trump. She is so average in every way, who the hell wants to woo her!
.@RinglingBros is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same.
Congratulations to @jdickerson of Face the Nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! Thank you!
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Thank you to all of my suppoSo professional of @ABC news to throw out the failing @UnionLeader newspaper from their debate. Paper won't survive, highly unethical!
Congratulations to my friend @TheSlyStallone on winning a #GoldenGlobe. A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved!
Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For staUL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They aren't woThis is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed.
If their highly unethical behavior, including begging me for ads, isn’t questionable enough, they have endorsed a candidate who can’t win.
Remember, get TIME magazine! I am on the cover. Take it out in 4 years and read it again! Just watch...
Heading now for Reno, Nevada, for a big rally. Good poll numberd all over!
In the just out @FoxNews Poll, I easily beat Hillary Clinton - and I havn't even focused on her yet. On our way: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding!
I want to thank the people of Iowa for an unbelievable day. The crowds were amazing. Will be back Tuesday!
Will be on Meet the Press with @ChuckTodd tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on Fox tomorrow morning. Tune in!
I'm protesting the @UnionLeader from having anything to do w/ ABC debate. Their unethical record doesn't give them the right to be involved!
(1/2) Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had.
.@JonahNRO, watched on @seanhannity and appreciate your statements --- I have been waiting for them for a long time. Thank you.
"Constitutional law expeSouth Carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting (and fun). I am now off to Iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. Love it!
Pat Buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on @CNN - way to go Pat, way ahead of your time!
Great even in SC tonight! Fire Marshall would not let everyone in-- 5,000 turned away. Thank you for coming!
Will be at venue, in wonderful South Carolina, very soon. Big traffic back-up, tremendous crowd! Will be wild.
Love seeing union &amp, non-union members alike are defecting to Trump. I will create jobs like no one else. Their #Dem leaders can’t compete!
I hope all workers demand that their @Teamsters reps endorse Donald J. Trump. Nobody knows jobs like I do! Don’t let them sell you out!
Hank Greenberg, formerly of AIG, gave $10 million to the @JebBush campaign 3 months ago. He is not happy, a total waste of money!
Great time in Burlington, Vermont. Crowd was amazing.
I'm leaving now for Burlington, Vermont. It will be wild!
Joy Behar, who was fired from her last show for lack of ratings, is even worse on @TheView. We love Barbara!
The @TheView @ABC, once great when headed by @BarbaraJWalters, is now in total freefall. Whoopi Goldberg is terrible. Very sad!
Weak &amp, ineffective @JebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False adveI have an idea for @JebBush whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name and don't be ashamed of it!
.@SenTedCruz Ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue. Go to couMassive crowd in VT tonight. Venue not big enough. Officials say NO to outside event and sound system. Arrive early!
Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMAI will be in beautiful Burlington, Vermont, tonight for a rally. Will be great fun. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship 18 months ago. Senator John McCain is ce.@Macys was one of the worst performing stocks on the S&amp,P last year, plunging 46%. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott.
The failing @UnionLeader newspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid, how desperate!
I will be on @wolfblitzer for a @CNNSitRoom interview today. Please join us 5PM ET.
Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come, first serve. Arrive early!
Don’t like @SamuelLJackson’s golf swing. Not athletic. I’ve won many club championships. Play him for charity!
I don’t cheat at golf but @SamuelLJackson cheats—with his game he has no choice—and stop doing commercials!
HAPPY BIGermany is going through massive attacks to its people by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK!
I am in New Hampshire. Just received great news from Reuters poll. Thank you for your suppo"@longtalltexan20 @realDonaldTrump I love it when TRUMP calls out MSM for what they really are! Cams sta"@Lucky5713 @NewDay What's wrong with showing Morocco? Nothing! It illustrates a Point! Duh! Love the video!"
I don’t know @SamuelLJackson, to best of my knowledge haven't played golf w/him &amp, think he does too many TV commercials—boring. Not a fan.
Wow @UnionLeader circulation in NH has dropped from 75,000 to around 10—bad management. No wonder they begged me for ads.
The rally in Lowell, Massachusetts, was amazing. 10,000 people going wild. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Woody Johnson, owner of the NYJets, is @JebBush’s finance chairman. If Woody would’ve been w/me, he would’ve been in the playoffs, at least!
I look forward to being in Lowell, Massachusetts, today. I hear a very big crowd is expected--we will have lots of fun!
The worst thing Hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. Just watch.
Iran, with all of the money and all else given to them by Obama, has wanted a way to take over Saudi Arabia &amp, their oil. THEY JUST FOUND IT!
.@RuthMarcus of the @washingtonpost was terrible today on Face The Nation.No focus, poor level of concentration-but correct on Hillary lying
.@chucktodd said today on @meetthepress that "attacking Bill to get to Hillary has never worked before." Wrong - attacked him in '08 &amp, won!
Does anybody remember when Bill Clinton, in 2008, worked long and hard for Hillary? She LOST! Now Bill is at it again. Just watch.
Thank you for your suppoHillary said that guns don't keep you safe. If she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm!
Al-Shabbab, not ISIS, just made a video on me - they all will as front-runner &amp, if I speak out against them, which I must. Hillary lied!
Hillary Clinton lied last week when she said ISIS made a D.T. video. The video that ISIS made was about her husband being a degenerate.
Just returned from Mississippi - a great evening.
Just arrived in Mississippi for the rally. Word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive. Will be an amazing evening!
Heading to Biloxi, Mississippi. Massive crowds expected. Thank you for your suppoRemember, I am self-funding my campaign, the only one in either paWhen I look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates, beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$!
I hope Bill Clinton staHillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or stamina to be president. Jeb Bush is a low energy individual, but Hillary is not much better!
Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL, but not O.K. to do so in the U.S. We must be vigilant!
.@JebBush is a low energy "stiff" who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls. Has no chance!
.@JebBush is a sad case. A total embarrassment to both himself and his family, he just announced he will continue to spend on Trump hit ads!
The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is, by far, me. It will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped!
I will be going to Mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! Look forward to it.
Well, the year has officially begun. I have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around!
I will be on @FoxNews live, with members of my family, at 11:50 P.M. We will ring in the New Year together! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
HAPPY NEW YEAR! We are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, and much faster than anyone thought possible!
As our Country rapidly grows stronger and smaIran, the Number One State of Sponsored Terror with numerous violations of Human Rights occurring on an hourly basis, has now closed down the Internet so that peaceful demonstrators cannot communicate. Not good!
What a year it’s been, and we're just getting staMy deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in Douglas County @DCSheriff, and their families. We love our police and law enforcement - God Bless them all! #LESM
Big protests in Iran. The people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squandered on terrorism. Looks like they will not take it any longer. The USA is watching very closely for human rights violations!
Jobs are kicking in and companies are coming back to the U.S. Unnecessary regulations and high taxes are being dramatically Cut, and it will only get better. MUCH MORE TO COME!
Why is the United States Post Office, which is losing many billions of dollars a year, while charging Amazon and others so little to deliver their packages, making Amazon richer and the Post Office dumber and poorer? Should be charging MUCH MORE!
"While the Fake News loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating, @foxandfriends just showed that my rating on Dec. 28, 2017, was approximately the same as President Obama on Dec. 28, 2009, which was 47%...and this despite massive negative Trump coverage &amp, Russia hoax!
In the East, it could be the COLDEST New Year’s Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country, but not other countries, was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against. Bundle up!
Caught RED HANDED - very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into NoRetail sales are at record numbers. We’ve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt - and you haven’t seen anything yet!
Just left West Palm Beach Fire &amp, Rescue #2. Met with great men and women as representatives of those who do so much for all of us. Firefighters, paramedics, first responders - what amazing people they are!
All signs are that business is looking really good for next year, only to be helped fuWOW, @foxandfrlends “Dossier is bogus. Clinton Campaign, DNC funded Dossier. FBI CANNOT (after all of this time) VERIFY CLAIMS IN DOSSIER OF RUSSIA/TRUMP COLLUSION. FBI TAINTED.” And they used this Crooked Hillary pile of garbage as the basis for going after the Trump Campaign!
Based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate has been terminated as paI hope everyone is having a great Christmas, then tomorrow it’s back to work in order to Make America Great Again (which is happening faster than anyone anticipated)!
People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again. I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase. MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!
The Tax Cut/Reform Bill, including Massive Alaska Drilling and the Repeal of the highly unpopular Individual Mandate, brought it all together as to what an incredible year we had. Don’t let the Fake News convince you otherwise...and our insider Polls are strong!
The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is. They show Fake Polls just like they repo.@FoxNews-FBI’s Andrew McCabe, “in addition to his wife getting all of this money from M (Clinton Puppet), he was using, allegedly, his FBI Official Email Account to promote her campaign. You obviously cannot do this. These were the people who were investigating Hillary Clinton.”
Remember, the Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional races this year. In Senate, I said Roy M would lose in Alabama and suppoThe Stock Market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. So many things accomplished by the Trump Administration, perhaps more than any other President in first year. Sadly, will never be repoWow, “FBI lawyer James Baker reassigned,” according to @FoxNews.
FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!!
How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin’ James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (including her 33,000 illegally deleted emails) be given $700,000 for wife’s campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 in favor of additional Sanctions on NoCongressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader, Yale and then Harvard Law, who would make a GREAT Governor of Florida. He loves our Country and is a true FIGHTER!
95% of Americans will pay less or, at worst, the same amount of taxes (mostly far less). The Dems only want to raise your taxes!
Will be signing the biggest ever Tax Cut and Reform Bill in 30 minutes in Oval Office. Will also be signing a much needed 4 billion dollar missile defense bill.
With all my Administration has done on Legislative Approvals (broke Harry Truman’s Record), Regulation Cutting, Judicial Appointments, Building Military, VA, TAX CUTS &amp, REFORM, Record Economy/Stock Market and so much more, I am sure great credit will be given by mainstream news?
“The President has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year.” Thank you Charlie Kirk of Turning Points USA. Sadly, the Fake Mainstream Media will NEVER talk about our accomplishments in their end of year reviews. We are compiling a long &amp, beautiful list.
Our big and very popular Tax Cut and Reform Bill has taken on an unexpected new source of “love” - that is big companies and corporations showering their workers with bonuses. This is a phenomenon that nobody even thought of, and now it is the rage. Merry Christmas!
House Democrats want a SHUTDOWN for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular, just passed, Tax Cuts. House Republicans, don’t let this happen. Pass the C.R. TODAY and keep our Government OPEN!
Home Sales hit BEST numbers in 10 years! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Was @foxandfriends just named the most influential show in news? You deserve it - three great people! The many Fake News Hate Shows should study your formula for success!
The Massive Tax Cuts, which the Fake News Media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their Democrat bosses, will soon be kicking in and will speak for themselves. Companies are already making big payments to workers. Dems want to raise taxes, hate these big Cuts!
I would like to congratulate @SenateMajLdr on having done a fantastic job both strategically &amp, politically on the passing in the Senate of the MASSIVE TAX CUT &amp, Reform Bill. I could have not asked for a better or more talented paThe Tax Cuts are so large and so meaningful, and yet the Fake News is working oveThe United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill. Terrible Individual Mandate (ObamaCare)Repealed. Goes to the House tomorrow morning for final vote. If approved, there will be a News Conference at The White House at approximately 1:00 P.M.
Congratulations to Paul Ryan, Kevin McCaA story in the @washingtonpost that I was close to “rescinding” the nomination of Justice Gorsuch prior to confirmation is FAKE NEWS. I never even wavered and am very proud of him and the job he is doing as a Justice of the U.S. Supreme CouStocks and the economy have a long way to go after the Tax Cut Bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope and size. Immediate expensing will have a big impact. Biggest Tax Cuts and Reform EVER passed. Enjoy, and create many beautiful JOBS!
DOW RISES 5000 POINTS ON THE YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
70 Record Closes for the Dow so far this year! We have NEVER had 70 Dow Records in a one year period. Wow!
Our deepest sympathies and most heaMy thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont, Washington. Thank you to all of our wonderful First Responders who are on the scene. We are currently monitoring here at the White House.
The train accident that just occurred in DuPont, WA shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly. Seven trillion dollars spent in the Middle East while our roads, bridges, tunnels, railways (and more) crumble! Not for long!
Ivanka Trump will be interviewed on @foxandfriends.
Remember, Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional Races this year. The media refuses to mention this. I said Gillespie and Moore would lose (for very different reasons), and they did. I also predicted “I” would win. Republicans will do well in 2018, very well! @foxandfriends
Congratulations to two great and hardworking guys, Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie, on the success of their just out book, “Let Trump Be Trump.” Finally people with real knowledge are writing about our wonderful and exciting campaign!
Republican Tax Cuts are looking very good. All are working hard. In the meantime, the Stock Market hit another record high!
Thank you Omarosa for your service! I wish you continued success.
If last night’s election proved anything, it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the House and Senate.
Wow, more than 90% of Fake News Media coverage of me is negative, with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories. Hence my use of Social Media, the only way to get the truth out. Much of Mainstream Meadia has become a joke! @foxandfriends
The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and his numbers went up mightily), is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election. I was right! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him!
Consumer Confidence is at an All-Time High, along with a Record High Stock Market. Unemployment is at a 17 year low. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Working to pass MASSIVE TAX CUTS (looking good).
The people of Alabama will do the right thing. Doug Jones is Pro-AboLightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office “begging” for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill &amp, Crooked-USED!
Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent, the Democrats have been unable to show any collusion with Russia - so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who I don’t know and/or have never met. FAKE NEWS!
Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong! Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the “dumbest man on television!” Bad RepoVery little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media. They are out of control - correct repoGetting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill. Shaping up even better than projected. House and Senate working very hard and smaThings are going really well for our economy, a subject the Fake News spends as little time as possible discussing! Stock Market hit another RECORD HIGH, unemployment is now at a 17 year low and companies are coming back into the USA. Really good news, and much more to come!
Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF’S TROPHY! Congratulations!
Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF’S TROPHY (last time was 1996). Wow! Congratulations!
.@daveweigel of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE (fraud?) showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in Pensacola when, in fact, he knew the arena was packed (as shown also on T.V.). FAKE NEWS, he should be fired.
Heading to the great state of Mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected Governor, @PhilBryantMS. Look forward to seeing the new Civil Rights Museum!
CNN’S slogan is CNN, THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS. Everyone knows this is not true, that this could, in fact, be a fraud on the American Public. There are many outlets that are far more trusted than Fake News CNN. Their slogan should be CNN, THE LEAST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS!
Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. They were caught red handed, just like lonely Brian Ross at ABC News (who should be immediately fired for his “mistake”). Watch to see if @CNN fires those responsible, or was it just gross incompetence?
A big contingent of very enthusiastic Roy Moore fans at the rally last night. We can’t have a Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Democrat, Jones, in that impoLooks like another great day for the Stock Market. Consumer Confidence is at Record High. I guess somebody likes me (my policies)!
Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped, as has incorrectly been repoLAST thing the Make America Great Again Agenda needs is a Liberal Democrat in Senate where we have so little margin for victory already. The Pelosi/Schumer Puppet Jones would vote against us 100% of the time. He’s bad on Crime, Life, Border, Vets, Guns &amp, Military. VOTE ROY MOORE!
National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day - “A day that will live in infamy!” December 7, 1941
Go get the new book on Andrew Jackson by Brian Kilmeade...Really good. @foxandfriends
A must watch: Legal Scholar Alan Dershowitz was just on @foxandfriends talking of what is going on with respect to the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history. Enjoy!
With the great vote on Cutting Taxes, this could be a big day for the Stock Market - and YOU!
Putting Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Puppet Jones into office in Alabama would huDemocrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama. We need his vote on stopping crime, illegal immigration, Border Wall, Military, Pro Life, V.A., Judges 2nd Amendment and more. No to Jones, a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet!
RepoPeople who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest repoAfter years of Comey, with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more), running the FBI, its reputation is in Tatters - worst in History! But fear not, we will bring it back to greatness.
Tainted (no, very dishonest?) FBI “agent’s role in Clinton probe under review.” Led Clinton Email probe. @foxandfriends Clinton money going to wife of another FBI agent in charge.
I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn. Just more Fake News covering another Comey lie!
Congratulations to @ABC News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest repoMany people in our Country are asking what the “Justice” DepaSo General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed, while Crooked Hillary Clinton, on that now famous FBI holiday “interrogation” with no swearing in and no recording, lies many times...and nothing happens to her? Rigged system, or just a double standard?
I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI. He has pled guilty to those lies. It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful. There was nothing to hide!
Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate. Now these great Republicans will be going for final passage. Thank you to House and Senate Republicans for your hard work and commitment!
The media has been speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - FAKE NEWS! He’s not leaving and while we disagree on ceRepublicans Senators are working hard to pass the biggest Tax Cuts in the history of our Country. The Bill is getting better and better. This is a once in a generation chance. Obstructionist Dems trying to block because they think it is too good and will not be given the credit!
The jury was not told the killer of Kate was a 7 time felon. The Schumer/Pelosi Democrats are so weak on Crime that they will pay a big price in the 2018 and 2020 Elections.
The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border, always committing crimes and being violent, and yet this info was not used in couA disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration.
The Dow just broke 24,000 for the first time (another all-time Record). If the Dems had won the Presidential Election, the Market would be down 50% from these levels and Consumer Confidence, which is also at an all-time high, would be “low and glum!”
Stock Market hits new Record High. Confidence and enthusiasm abound. More great numbers coming out!
The Chinese Envoy, who just returned from NoThe Failing @nytimes has totally gone against the Social Media Guidelines that they installed to preserve some credibility after many of their biased repoThe Failing @nytimes, the pipe organ for the Democrat PaFunny to hear the Democrats talking about the National Debt when President Obama doubled it in only 8 years!
The only people who don’t like the Tax Cut Bill are the people that don’t understand it or the Obstructionist Democrats that know how really good it is and do not want the credit and success to go to the Republicans!
The House of Representatives seeks contempt citations(?) against the JusticeDepa.@Theresa_May, don’t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine!
Theresa @theresamay, don’t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine!
Just spoke to President XI JINPING of China concerning the provocative actions of NoSo now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!
So now tha Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!
Wow, Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for “inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace.” But when will the top executives at NBC &amp, Comcast be fired for putting out so much Fake News. Check out Andy Lack’s past!
Just won the lawsuit on leadership of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, CFPB. A big win for the Consumer!
Charles McCullough, the respected fmr Intel Comm Inspector General, said public was misled on Crooked Hillary Emails. “Emails endangered National Security.” Why aren’t our deep State authorities looking at this? Rigged &amp, corrupt? @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity
Meeting with “Chuck and Nancy” today about keeping government open and working. Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our Country unchecked, are weak on Crime and want to substantially RAISE Taxes. I don’t see a deal!
Melania, our great and very hard working First Lady, who truly loves what she is doing, always thought that “if you run, you will win.” She would tell everyone that, “no doubt, he will win.” I also felt I would win (or I would not have run) - and Country is doing great!
At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up. The American public is fed up with the disrespect the NFL is paying to our Country, our Flag and our National Anthem. Weak and out of control!
New home sales reach a 10 year high. Stock Market has more record gains. Hopefully Republican Senators will give us the much needed Tax Cuts to keep it all going! Democrats want big Tax Increases.
We should have a contest as to which of the Networks, plus CNN and not including Fox, is the most dishonest, corrupt and/or distoBack in D.C., big week for Tax Cuts and many other things of great impoSince the first day I took office, all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election, Russia, Russia,Russia. Despite this I have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month President. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I endorsed Luther Strange in the Alabama Primary. He shot way up in the polls but it wasn’t enough. Can’t let Schumer/Pelosi win this race. Liberal Jones would be BAD!
The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime, WEAK on the Border, Bad for our Military and our great Vets, Bad for our 2nd Amendment, AND WANTS TO RAISES TAXES TO THE SKY. Jones would be a disaster!
Wow, even I didn’t realize we did so much. Wish the Fake News would repo.@FoxNews is MUCH more impoCheck out the recent Editorial in the Wall Street Journal @WSJ about what a complete disaster the @CFPB has been under its leader from previous Administration, who just quit!
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations pick. Financial Institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public. We will bring it back to life!
Happy #SmallBusinessSaturday!A great day to suppoTime Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named “Man (Person) of the Year,” like last year, but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway!
Will be calling the President of Egypt in a shoHorrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt. The world cannot tolerate terrorism, we must defeat them militarily and discredit the extremist ideology that forms the basis of their existence!
After Turkey call I will be heading over to Trump National Golf Club, Jupiter, to play golf (quickly) with Tiger Woods and Dustin Johnson. Then back to Mar-a-Lago for talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the USA!
Will be speaking to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that I inherited in the Middle East. I will get it all done, but what a mistake, in lives and dollars (6 trillion), to be there in the first place!
ObamaCare premiums are going up, up, up, just as I have been predicting for two years. ObamaCare is OWNED by the Democrats, and it is a disaster. But do not worry. Even though the Dems want to Obstruct, we will Repeal &amp, Replace right after Tax Cuts!
My great honor to join our incredible men and women of the @USCG, at the Lake WoWill be doing a live Thanksgiving Video Teleconference with Members of the Military at 9:00 A.M. Afghanistan, Iraq, USS Monterey, Turkey &amp, Bahrain. Then going to Coast Guard QuaMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have long given the order to help Argentina with the Search and Rescue mission of their missing submarine. 45 people aboard and not much time left. May God be with them and the people of Argentina!
Will be having meetings and working the phones from the Winter White House in Florida (Mar-a-Lago). Stock Market hit new Record High yesterday - $5.5 trillion gain since E. Many companies coming back to the U.S. Military building up and getting very strong.
President Donald J. Trump and @FLOTUS Melania PaUnder President Trump unemployment rate will drop below 4%. Analysts predict economic boom for 2018! @foxandfriends and @Varneyco
Marshawn Lynch of the NFL’s Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem. Great disrespect! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season. Attendance and ratings way down.
Republican Senators are working very hard to get Tax Cuts and Tax Reform approved. Hopefully it will not be long and they do not want to disappoint the American public!
Border Patrol Officer killed at Southern Border, another badly huBig-game trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horror show in any way helps conservation of Elephants or any other animal.
Shoplifting is a very big deal in China, as it should be (5-10 years in jail), but not to father LaVar. Should have gotten his son out during my next trip to China instead. China told them why they were released. Very ungrateful!
Sen. Jeff Flake(y), who is unelectable in the Great State of Arizona (quit race, anemic polls) was caught (purposely) on “mike” saying bad things about your favorite President. He’ll be a NO on tax cuts because his political career anyway is “toast.”
Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo, is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. She just can’t stop, which is so good for the Republican PaPut big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts. Under study for years. Will update soon with Secretary Zinke. Thank you!
Together, we're going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities, and we're going to destroy the vile criminal caIf Democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes, we would be able to get many of their ideas into Bill!
Great numbers on Stocks and the Economy. If we get Tax Cuts and Reform, we'll really see some great results!
.And to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. Lesley Stahl tape?
The Al Frankenstien picture is really bad, speaks a thousand words. Where do his hands go in pictures 2, 3, 4, 5 &amp, 6 while she sleeps? .....
Big win today in the House for GOP Tax Cuts and Reform, 227-205. Zero Dems, they want to raise taxes much higher, but not for our military!
Need all on the UN Security Council to vote to renew the Joint Investigative Mechanism for Syria to ensure that Assad Regime does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again.
China is sending an Envoy and Delegation to No....your release possible and, HAVE A GREAT LIFE! Be careful, there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life!
To the three UCLA basketball players I say: You're welcome, go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made.....
Big vote tomorrow in the House. Tax cuts are getting close!
Why are Democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business (jobs)? The reason: Obstruction and Delay!
It is actually hard to believe how naive (or dumb) the Failing @nytimes is when it comes to foreign policy...weak and ineffective!
...They should realize that these relationships are a good thing, not a bad thing. The U.S. is being respected again. Watch Trade!
The failing @nytimes hates the fact that I have developed a great relationship with World leaders like Xi Jinping, President of China.....
Do you think the three UCLA Basketball Players will say thank you President Trump? They were headed for 10 years in jail!
While in the Philippines I was forced to watch @CNN, which I have not done in months, and again realized how bad, and FAKE, it is. Loser!
.@foxandfriends will be showing much of our successful trip to Asia, and the friendships &amp, benefits that will endure for years to come!
Our great country is respected again in Asia. You will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come!
Just returned from Asia after 12 very successful days. Great to be home!
May God be with the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI and Law Enforcement has arrived.
I will be making a major statement from the @WhiteHouse upon my return to D.C. Time and date to be set.
Just arrived at #ASEAN50 in the Philippines for my final stop with World Leaders. Will lead to FAIR TRADE DEALS, unlike the horror shows from past Administrations. Will then be leaving for D.C. Made many good friends!
FEMA and first responders are working hard (yet again) on Hurricane Nate. Military helping. Very much under control!
After my tour of Asia, all Countries dealing with us on TRADE know that the rules have changed. The United States has to be treated fairly and in a reciprocal fashion. The massive TRADE deficits must go down quickly!
Great to see @RandPaul looking well and back on the Senate floor. He will help us with TAX CUTS and REFORM!
Excited to be heading home to see the House pass a GREAT Tax Bill with the middle class getting big TAX CUTS!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸
I am proud of the Rep. House &amp, Senate for working so hard on cutting taxes {&amp, reform.} We’re getting close! Now, how about ending the unfair &amp, highly unpopular Indiv Mandate in OCare &amp, reducing taxes even fuHappy to announce, I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary. He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices!
Will be leaving the Philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs &amp, work in order to #MAGA! My promises are rapidly being fulfilled.
Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi, Vietnam!
"Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me "old," when I would NEVER call him "shoDoes the Fake News Media remember when Crooked Hillary Clinton, as Secretary of State, was begging Russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button? Obama tried also, but he had zero chemistry with Putin.
When will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. There always playing politics - bad for our country. I want to solve NoMet with President Putin of Russia who was at #APEC meetings. Good discussions on Syria. Hope for his help to solve, along with China the dangerous NoWill be doing a joint press conference in Hanoi, Vietnam then heading for final destination of trip, the Phillipines.
President Xi of China has stated that he is upping the sanctions against #NoKo. Said he wants them to denuclearize. Progress is being made.
Just landed in Da Nang, Vietnam to deliver a speech at #APEC2017
I am leaving China for #APEC2017 in Vietnam. @FLOTUS Melania is staying behind to see the zoo, and of course, the Great WALL of China before going to Alaska to greet our AMAZING troops.
My meetings with President Xi Jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of NoI don’t blame China, I blame the incompetence of past Admins for allowing China to take advantage of the U.S. on trade leading up to a point where the U.S. is losing $100's of billions. How can you blame China for taking advantage of people that had no clue? I would've done same!
Leaving South Korea now heading to China. Looking very much forward to meeting and being with President Xi!
Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for. Don’t forget, Republicans won 4 out of 4 House seats, and with the economy doing record numbers, we will continue to win, even bigger than before!
Getting ready to make a major speech to the National Assembly here in South Korea, then will be headed to China where I very much look forward to meeting with President Xi who is just off his great political victory.
Thank you to all Americans who paFranklin, such a great photo. HAPPY 99th BI.@EdWGillespie will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of VA. MS-13 and crime will be gone. Vote today, ASAP!
....and has been horrible on Virginia economy. Vote @EdWGillespie today!
Ralph No....is making. Working very hard on TAX CUTS for the middle class, companies and jobs!
Stock market hit yet another all-time record high yesterday. There is great confidence in the moves that my Administration....
....Some of those they are harshly treating have been “milking” their country for years!
I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, they know exactly what they are doing....
Getting ready to leave for South Korea and meetings with President Moon, a fine gentleman. We will figure it all out!
My visit to Japan and friendship with PM Abe will yield many benefits, for our great Country. Massive military &amp, energy orders happening+++!
The state of Virginia economy, under Democrat rule, has been terrible. If you vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow, it will come roaring back!
May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI &amp, law enforcement are on the scene. I am monitoring the situation from Japan.
I am landing shoWould very much appreciate Saudi Arabia doing their IPO of Aramco with the New York Stock Exchange. ImpoUnemployment is down to 4.1%, lowest in 17 years. 1.5 million new jobs created since I took office. Highest stock Market ever, up $5.4 trill
Getting ready to land in Hawaii. Looking so much forward to meeting with our great Military/Veterans at Pearl Harbor!
The decision on Sergeant Bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our Country and to our Military.
The rigged Dem Primary, one of the biggest political stories in years, got ZERO coverage on Fake News Network TV last night. Disgraceful!
Just took off for ceremony @ Pearl Harbor. Will then be heading to Japan, SKorea, China, Vietnam &amp, the Philippines. Will never let you down!
I always felt I would be running and winning against Bernie Sanders, not Crooked H, without cheating, I was right.
Bernie Sanders suppo"...Based on that, the Military has hit ISIS "much harder" over the last two days. They will pay a big price for every attack on us!"
ISIS just claimed the Degenerate Animal who killed, and so badly wounded, the wonderful people on the West Side, was "their soldier." .....
Pocahontas just stated that the Democrats, lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton, rigged the Primaries! Lets go FBI &amp, Justice Dept.
The real story on Collusion is in Donna B's new book. Crooked Hillary bought the DNC &amp, then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie!
....People are angry. At some point the Justice Depa...New Donna B book says she paid for and stole the Dem Primary. What about the deleted E-mails, Uranium, Podesta, the Server, plus, plus...
Everybody is asking why the Justice DepaMy Twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee. I guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact.
I will be interviewed by @IngrahamAngle on @FoxNews at 10:00. Enjoy!
The @TuckerCarlson opening statement about our once cherished and great FBI was so sad to watch. James Comey's leadership was a disaster!
....This is real collusion and dishonesty. Major violation of Campaign Finance Laws and Money Laundering - where is our Justice DepaDonna Brazile just stated the DNC RIGGED the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders. Bought and paid for by Crooked H....
Great Tax Cut rollout today. The lobbyists are storming Capital Hill, but the Republicans will hold strong and do what is right for America!
...There is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed. Should move fast. DEATH PENALTY!
Would love to send the NYC terrorist to Guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the Federal system...
NYC terrorist was happy as he asked to hang ISIS flag in his hospital room. He killed 8 people, badly injured 12. SHOULD GET DEATH PENALTY!
The United States will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Procedures. The safety of our citizens comes first!
Just spoke to President Macri of Argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the West Side terror attack. God be with them!
....for the Middle Class. The House and Senate should consider ASAP as the process of final approval moves along. Push Biggest Tax Cuts EVER
Senator Chuck Schumer helping to impoWe are fighting hard for Merit Based immigration, no more Democrat Lottery Systems. We must get MUCH tougher (and sma"The terrorist came into our country through what is called the "Diversity Visa Lottery Program," a Chuck Schumer beauty. I want merit based.
I have just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program. Being politically correct is fine, but not for this!
The Republican House members are working hard (and late) toward the Massive Tax Cuts that they know you deserve. These will be biggest ever!
My thoughts, condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the New York City terrorist attack. God and your country are with you!
We must not allow ISIS to return, or enter, our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere. Enough!
In NYC, looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. Law enforcement is following this closely. NOT IN THE U.S.A.!
....eaThe biggest story yesterday, the one that has the Dems in a dither, is Podesta running from his firm. What he know about Crooked Dems is....
I hope people will sta....came to the campaign. Few people knew the young, low level volunteer named George, who has already proven to be a liar. Check the DEMS!
"The Fake News is working ove....Also, there is NO COLLUSION!
Sorry, but this is years ago, before Paul ManafoGreat job by MichaelCaputo on @foxandfriends.
Repo"All of this "Russia" talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts &amp, Reform. Is this coincidental? NOT!"
...are now fighting back like never before. There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton, and now the facts are pouring out. DO SOMETHING!
..."collusion," which doesn't exist. The Dems are using this terrible (and bad for our country) Witch Hunt for evil politics, but the R's...
...the Uranium to Russia deal, the 33,000 plus deleted Emails, the Comey fix and so much more. Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia,....
Never seen such Republican ANGER &amp, UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier (now $12,000,000?),....
As usual, the ObamaCare premiums will be up (the Dems own it), but we will Repeal &amp, Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts!
JFK Files are released, long ahead of schedule!
While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to close. Sad!
...in order to put any and all conspiracy theories to rest.
...addresses of any mentioned person who is still living. I am doing this for reasons of full disclosure, transparency and...
After strict consultation with General Kelly, the CIA and other Agencies, I will be releasing ALL #JFKFiles other than the names and...
Diane Black of Tennessee, the highly respected House Budget Committee Chairwoman, did a GREAT job in passing Budget, setting up big Tax Cuts
It is now commonly agreed, after many months of COSTLY looking, that there was NO collusion between Russia and Trump. Was collusion with HC!
Happy biJFK Files are being carefully released. In the end there will be great transparency. It is my hope to get just about everything to public!
Happy biGood luck to @Joy_Villa on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics. She has many fans!
Congratulations to @SpeakerRyan, @GOPLeader, @SteveScalise and to the Republican PaThank you @foxandfriends. Really great job and show!
Wacky &amp, totally unhinged Tom Steyer, who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning, never wins elections!
Big news - Budget just passed!
Do not underestimate the UNITY within the Republican PaEd Gillespie will be a great Governor of Virginia. His opponent doesn't even show up to meetings/work, and will be VERY weak on crime!
Ed Gillespie will turn the really bad Virginia economy #'s around, and fast. Strong on crime, he might even save our great statues/heritage!
Texas @GovAbbott &amp, Lt. Gov. @DanPatrick,Thank you for todays briefing on hurricane recovery effoThe long anticipated release of the #JFKFiles will take place tomorrow. So interesting!
Spoke to President Xi of China to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation. Also discussed NoKo &amp, trade, two very impoJust interviewed by @LouDobbs. Will be aired tonight at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness. #Dobbs
Jeff Flake, with an 18% approval rating in Arizona, said "a lot of my colleagues have spoken out." Really, they just gave me a standing O!
Working hard on the biggest tax cut in U.S. history. Great suppoThe meeting with Republican Senators yesterday, outside of Flake and Corker, was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for USA!
The reason Flake and Corker dropped out of the Senate race is very simple, they had zero chance of being elected. Now act so hu"Clinton campaign &amp, DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier. The victim here is the President." @FoxNews"
So nice being with Republican Senators today. Multiple standing ovations! Most are great people who want big Tax Cuts and success for U.S.
Stock Market just hit another record high! Jobs looking very good.
...the entire World WAS laughing and taking advantage of us. People like liddle' Bob Corker have set the U.S. way back. Now we move forward!
Sen. Corker is the incompetent head of the Foreign Relations Committee, &amp, look how poorly the U.S. has done. He doesn't have a clue as.....
Isn't it sad that lightweight Senator Bob Corker, who couldn't get re-elected in the Great State of Tennessee, will now fight Tax Cuts plus!
...Corker dropped out of the race in Tennesse when I refused to endorse him, and now is only negative on anything Trump. Look at his record!
Bob Corker, who helped President O give us the bad Iran Deal &amp, couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee, is now fighting Tax Cuts....
I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson, and spoke his name from beginning, without hesitation!
Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem, showing total disrespect to our Flag &amp, Country. No leadership in NFL!
There will be NO change to your 401(k). This has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works, and it stays!
It is finally sinking through. 46% OF PEOPLE BELIEVE MAJOR NATIONAL NEWS ORGS FABRICATE STORIES ABOUT ME. FAKE NEWS, even worse! Lost cred.
Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican PaDoing interview today with Maria Ba...2nd Amendment, Strong Military, ISIS, historic VA improvement, Supreme Cou...9 months than this Administration. Over 50 Legislation approvals, massive regulation cuts, energy freedom, pipelines, border security....
I agree getting Tax Cuts approved is impo"Just out, but lightly repoCrooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did. Facebook was on her side, not mine!
Keep hearing about "tiny" amount of money spent on Facebook ads. What about the billions of dollars of Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC &amp, CBS?
Stock Market hits another all time high on Friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since Election. Fake News doesn't spent much time on this!
Subject to the receipt of fuI hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she, as a representative, is killing the Democrat PaBudget that just passed is a really big deal, especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in U.S. history - MSM barely covered!
"Just out repo....This now allows for the passage of large scale Tax Cuts (and Reform), which will be the biggest in the history of our country!
The Budget passed late last night, 51 to 49. We got ZERO Democrat votes with only Rand Paul (he will vote for Tax Cuts) voting against.....
Big ratings getter @seanhannity and Apprentice Champion John Rich are right now going on stage in Las Vegas for #VegasStrong. Great Show!
The Fake News is going crazy with wacky Congresswoman Wilson(D), who was SECRETLY on a very personal call, and gave a total lie on content!
It was great to have Governor @RicardoRossello of #Pue".@foxandfriends "Russia sent millions to Clinton Foundation"
Workers of firm involved with the discredited and Fake Dossier take the 5th. Who paid for it, Russia, the FBI or the Dems (or all)?
Uranium deal to Russia, with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge, is the biggest story that Fake Media doesn't want to follow!
Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today, first step toward massive tax cuts. I think we have the votes, but who knows?
46% of Americans think the Media is inventing stories about Trump &amp, his Administration." @FoxNews It is actually much worse than this!
.@NFL: Too much talk, not enough action. Stand for the National Anthem.
I am suppoDemocrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action (and I have proof). Sad!
The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem. Total disrespect for our great country!
As it has turned out, James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton. He was the best thing that ever happened to her!
The Democrats will only vote for Tax Increases. Hopefully, all Senate Republicans will vote for the largest Tax Cuts in U.S. history.
...people not interviewed, including Clinton herself. Comey stated under oath that he didn't do this-obviously a fix? Where is Justice Dept?
Any increase in ObamaCare premiums is the fault of the Democrats for giving us a "product" that never had a chance of working.
So much Fake News being put in dying magazines and newspapers. Only place worse may be @NBCNews, @CBSNews, @ABC and @CNN. Fiction writers!
Rep.Tom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman!
Always great to see the wonderful people of South Carolina. Thank you for the beautiful welcome at Greenville-Spa"I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was, "I hope so!"
The U.S. has gained more than 5.2 trillion dollars in Stock Market Value since Election Day! Also, record business enthusiasm.
Since Election Day on November 8, the Stock Market is up more than 25%, unemployment is at a 17 year low &amp, companies are coming back to U.S.
Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama, but now that I am involved, he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel, Chuck!
The Democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. That's all they are good at!
A...approvals of The Keystone XL &amp, Dakota Access pipelines. Also, look at the recent EPA cancelations &amp, our great new Supreme Cou"Consumer ComfoThe Failing @nytimes, in a story by Peter Baker, should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of TPP &amp, The Paris Accord &amp, the fast....
"The Democrats in the Southwest paVery proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare. Millions of people benefit!
Health Insurance stocks, which have gone through the roof during the ObamaCare years, plunged yesterday after I ended their Dems windfall!
Such a wonderful statement from the great @LouDobbs. "We take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern American history.
ObamaCare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many. It is being dismantled but in the meantime, premiums &amp, deductibles are way up!
I have no greater privilege than to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. HAPPY BIThe wonderful people of PueHard to believe that the Democrats, who have gone so far LEFT that they are no longer recognizable, are fighting so hard for Sanctuary crime
ObamaCare is a broken mess. Piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the great HealthCare it deserves!
The Democrats ObamaCare is imploding. Massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped. Dems should call me to fix!
The Fake News Is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! Such hatred!
...We cannot keep FEMA, the Military &amp, the First Responders, who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in P.R. forever!
...accountability say the Governor. Electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes. Congress to decide how much to spend....
"PueClips from tax speech and @seanhannity on @foxandfriends now. Have a great day!
I will be interviewed tonight on @FoxNews by @SeanHannity at 9pmE. Enjoy!
With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
Fake @NBCNews made up a story that I wanted a "tenfold" increase in our U.S. nuclear arsenal. Pure fiction, made up to demean. NBC = CNN!
It is about time that Roger Goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players STAND for our great National Anthem-RESPECT OUR COUNTRY
The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases &amp, soft, crime producing borders.The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history &amp, the WALL!
It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would repo...if Congress gives us the massive tax cuts (and reform) I am asking for, those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds. #MAGA
Stock Market has increased by 5.2 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th, a 25% increase. Lowest unemployment in 16 years and..
The Failing @nytimes set Liddle' Bob Corker up by recording his conversation. Was made to sound a fool, and that's what I am dealing with!
Highly respected author, Christopher Bedford, just came out with book, "The A"With Jemele Hill at the mike, it is no wonder ESPN ratings have "tanked," in fact, tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry!
Since Congress can't get its act together on HealthCare, I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FAST
The problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats don't want secure borders,they don't care about safety for U.S.A.
Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem, Flag and Country? Change tax law!
A big salute to Jerry Jones, owner of the Dallas Cowboys, who will BENCH players who disrespect our Flag."Stand for Anthem or sit for game!
The trip by @VP Pence was long planned. He is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country!
Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with No"The Republican PaNobody could have done what I’ve done for #PueBob Corker gave us the Iran Deal, &amp, that's about it. We need HealthCare, we need Tax Cuts/Reform, we need people that can get the job done!
I asked @VP Pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled, disrespecting our country. I am proud of him and @SecondLady Karen.
...Hence, I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. Didn't have the guts to run!
..my endorsement). He also wanted to be Secretary of State, I said "NO THANKS." He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal!
Senator Bob Corker "begged" me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee. I said "NO" and he dropped out (said he could not win without...
Leaving the White House for the Great State of NoThanks for your suppo...hasn't worked, agreements violated before the ink was dry, makings fools of U.S. negotiators. Sorry, but only one thing will work!
Our great team at @FEMA is prepared for #HurricaneNate. Everyone in LA, MS, AL, and FL please listen to your local authorities &amp, be safe!
.@NBCNews is so knowingly inaccurate with their repoI called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill. ObamaCare is badly broken, big premiums. Who knows!
More and more people are suggesting that Republicans (and me) should be given Equal Time on T.V. when you look at the one-sided coverage?
Late Night host are dealing with the Democrats for their very "unfunny" &amp, repetitive material, always anti-Trump! Should we get Equal Time?
...contributions. The RNC is taking in far more $'s than the Dems, and much of it by my wonderful small donors. I am working hard for them!
Can't believe I finally got a good story in the @washingtonpost. It discusses the enthusiasm of "Trump" voters through campaign....
Ralph NoRex Tillerson never threatened to resign. This is Fake News put out by @NBCNews. Low news and repoStock Market hits an ALL-TIME high! Unemployment lowest in 16 years! Business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades!
Why Isn't the Senate Intel Committee looking into the Fake News Networks in OUR country to see why so much of our news is just made up-FAKE!
So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people, from police to doctors to the victims themselves, who I will never forget!
I will be landing in Las Vegas shoThe @NBCNews story has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson and @VP Pence. It is #FakeNews. They should issue an apology to AMERICA!
NBC news is #FakeNews and more dishonest than even CNN. They are a disgrace to good repoWas with great people last night in FoWow, so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say, they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control!
It is a "miracle" how fast the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing!
Leaving PueI am so proud of our great Country. God bless America!
My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you!
Being nice to Rocket Man hasn't worked in 25 years, why would it work now? Clinton failed, Bush failed, and Obama failed. I won't fail.
...Save your energy Rex, we'll do what has to be done!
I told Rex Tillerson, our wonderful Secretary of State, that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man...
...for safety. Thank you to the Governor of P.R. and to all of those who are working so closely with our First Responders. Fantastic job!
In analyzing the Alabama Primary race,FAKE NEWS always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after endorsement!
In analyzing the Alabama Primary race, Fake News always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after Election!
Very impoI will be in PR on Tues. to fuResults of recovery effoWe must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in Pue@ricardorossello ......#FakeNews critics are working oveMy Administration, Governor @RicardoRossello, and many others are working together to help the people of PueTo the people of PueCongresswoman Jennifer Gonzalez-Colon of PueJust spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands who stated that #FEMA and Military are doing a GREAT job! Thank you Governor!
The Governor of PueDespite the Fake News Media in conjunction with the Dems, an amazing job is being done in PueThe Fake News Networks are working oveI will be going to Pue"Fake News CNN and NBC are going out of their way to disparage our great First Responders as a way to "get Trump." Not fair to FR or effoThe military and first responders, despite no electric, roads, phones etc., have done an amazing job. Pue...want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effo...Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in PueThe Mayor of San Juan, who was very complimentary only a few days ago, has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump.
RECORD HIGH FOR S &amp, P 500!
Thank you to FEMA, our great Military &amp, all First Responders who are working so hard,against terrible odds,in Pue...The fact is that Pue"PueGDP was revised upward to 3.1 for last qua"Pue...really hard to help but many have lost their homes. Military is now on site and I will be there Tuesday. Wish press would treat fairly!
The electric power grid in PueDemocrats don't want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections? Great reviews for Tax Cut and Reform Bill.
..But the people were Pro-Trump! ViFacebook was always anti-Trump.The Networks were always anti-Trump hence,Fake News, @nytimes(apologized) &amp, @WaPo were anti-Trump. Collusion?
We will have the votes for Healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday, after which we need 60. Get rid of Filibuster Rule!
With one Yes vote in hospital &amp, very positive signs from Alaska and two others (McCain is out), we have the HCare Vote, but not for Friday!
Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. Players will stand for Country!
Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time. Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. He will help to #MAGA!
70 years ago today, the National Security Council met for the first time. Great history of advising Presidents-then &amp, now! Thanks NSC Staff!
It was an honor to welcome President @MarianoraJoy of Spain. Thank you for standing w/ us in our effoI want to express our suppoAmerica's heaHeading over to the @UN to meet with Ambassador @NikkiHaley and all of her great representatives! #USA🇺🇸
ALABAMA, get out and vote for Luther Strange - he has proven to me that he will never let you down! #MAGA
The NFL has all soThank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz, the Mayor of San Juan, for your kind words on FEMA etc.We are working hard. Much food and water there/on way
Great interview on @foxandfriends with the parents of Otto Warmbier: 1994 - 2017. Otto was to"Luther Strange has been shooting up in the Alabama polls since my endorsement. Finish the job - vote today for "Big Luther."
But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team, they all stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made-we all love our country!
...But while Dallas dropped to it knees as a team, they ALL stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made - we love our country!
The booing at the NFL football game last night, when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees, was loudest I have ever heard. Great anger
Ratings for NFL football are way down except before game staBig election tomorrow in the Great State of Alabama. Vote for Senator Luther Strange, tough on crime &amp, border - will never let you down!
...owed to Wall Street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with. Food, water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. #FEMA
...It's old electrical grid, which was in terrible shape, was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars....
Texas &amp, Florida are doing great but PueTremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country.#StandForOurAnthem🇺🇸
General John Kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY!
.@CNN is #FakeNews. Just repo#StandForOurAnthem
The White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. ImpoThe issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this!
Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small percentage of total). These are fans who demand respect for our Flag!
SpoAlaska, Arizona, Maine and Kentucky are big winners in the Healthcare proposal. 7 years of Repeal &amp, Replace and some Senators not there.
Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag --- we MUST honor and respect it! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Please to inform that the Champion Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL will be joining me at the White House for Ceremony. Great team!
Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country. Standing with locked arms is good, kneeling is not acceptable. Bad ratings!
...NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S.
If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag &amp, Country, you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend!
Just heard Foreign Minister of NoRoger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect ce"Democrats are laughingly saying that McCain had a "moment of courage." Tell that to the people of Arizona who were deceived. 116% increase!"
...our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem. If not, YOU'RE FIRED. Find something else to do!
If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFL,or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect....
Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitating,therefore invitation is withdrawn!
It was great being with Luther Strange last night in Alabama. What great people, what a crowd! Vote Luther on Tuesday.
Alaska had a 200% plus increase in premiums under ObamaCare, worst in the country. Deductibles high, people angry! Lisa M comes through.
I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the PaLarge Block Grants to States is a good thing to do. Better control &amp, management. Great for Arizona. McCain let his best friend L.G. down!
Arizona had a 116% increase in ObamaCare premiums last year, with deductibles very high. Chuck Schumer sold John McCain a bill of goods. Sad
John McCain never had any intention of voting for this Bill, which his Governor loves. He campaigned on Repeal &amp, Replace. Let Arizona down!
Heading to Alabama now, big crowd!
Thank you to Doug Parker and American Airlines for all of the help you have given to the U.S. with Hurricane flights. Fantastic job!
Will be in Alabama tonight. Luther Strange has gained mightily since my endorsement, but will be very close. He loves Alabama, and so do I!
The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media "screaming" for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next, she was a bad candidate!
The Russia hoax continues, now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary?
Kim Jong Un of No"Rand Paul, or whoever votes against Hcare Bill, will forever (future political campaigns) be known as "the Republican who saved ObamaCare."
A big day for the U.S. at the United Nations!
Senator Luther Strange has gone up a lot in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago. Now a close runoff. He will be great in D.C.
Governor @RicardoRossello- We are with you and the people of PueSenator (Doctor) Bill Cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their Health(care), he doesn't lie-just wants to help people!
The NRA strongly endorses Luther Strange for Senator of Alabama.That means all gun owners should vote for Big Luther. He won't let you down!
I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal &amp, Replace.
"Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama. I am suppoI hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal &amp, Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States!
Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. Graham-Cassidy Bill is GREAT! Ends Ocare!
Thank you @foxandfriends - great show!
After allowing NoBig meetings today at the United Nations. So many interesting leaders. America First will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
God bless the people of Mexico City. We are with you and will be there for you.
Big day at the United Nations - many good things, and some tricky ones, happening. We have a great team. Big speech at 10:00 A.M.
I spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night. Asked him how Rocket Man is doing. Long gas lines forming in NoAttorney General Bill Schuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help
"I will be in Huntsville, Alabama, on Saturday night to suppoAttorney General Bill Shuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help!
A great deal of good things happening for our country. Jobs and Stock Market at all time highs, and I believe will be getting even better!
CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be paESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming). People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth!
We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive &amp, nasty!
The travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct!
Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off &amp, use better!
Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive!
With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate, Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation, rather than 51. Can't get votes, END NOW!
...I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. But don't worry, I will veto because I love our country &amp, its people.
Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U.S. &amp, its people...
Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible eaJust left Florida for D.C. The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable. Damage horrific but will be better than ever!
Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA etc. A real disaster, much work to do!
...They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. Plus BIG border security
Does anybody really want to throw out good, educated and accomplished young people who have jobs, some serving in the military? Really!.....
The WALL, which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls, will continue to be built.
No deal was made last night on DACA. Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. Would be subject to vote.
The "deplorables" came back to haunt Hillary.They expressed their feelings loud and clear. She spent big money but, in the end, had no game!
Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction!
China has a business tax rate of 15%. We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. Jobs and wages!
With Irma and Harvey devastation, Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress, go!
I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard, FEMA and many of the brave first responders &amp, others.
The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut &amp, Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress!
"Congratulations to Eric &amp, Lara on the biHeading back to Washington, D.C. Much will be accomplished this week on trade, the military and security!
The U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready. Here comes Irma. God bless everyone!
Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey (just like others).
Republicans must sta...never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 (vs. 51) votes. It is a Repub Death Wish!
Republicans, sorry, but I've been hearing about Repeal &amp, Replace for 7 years, didn't happen! Even worse, the Senate Filibuster Rule will....
Our incredible U.S. Coast Guard saved more than 15,000 lives last week with Harvey. Irma could be even tougher. We love our Coast Guard!
Hurricane Irma is of epic propoWe will confront ANY challenge, no matter how strong the winds or high the water. I’m proud to stand with Presidents for #OneAmericaAppeal.
For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about - No action!
Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. Be careful, be safe! #FEMA
Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic!
Watching Hurricane closely. My team, which has done, and is doing, such a good job in Texas, is already in Florida. No rest for the weary!
Will be going to NoCongress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can't, I will revisit this issue!
I look forward to working w/ D's + R's in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st.
I am allowing Japan &amp, South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States.
Congress, get ready to do your job - DACA!
Big week coming up!
Remember, Sunday is National Prayer Day (by Presidential Proclamation)!
Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana, where things are going well. Such cooperation &amp, coordination!
The Manufacturing Index rose to 59%, the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better!
I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady. Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at White House.
Stock Market up 5 months in a row!
President Donald J. Trump Proclaims September 3, 2017, as a National Day of Prayer' #HurricaneHarvey #PrayFoTexas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men &amp, women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
...get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA FIRST!
General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be happier or more impressed - and this Administration continues to..
Wow, looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. A rigged system!
Texas is heeling fast thanks to all of the great men &amp, women who have been working so hard. But still, so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed!
After reading the false repoAfter witnessing first hand the horror &amp, devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey,my heaThe U.S. has been talking to No.@foxandfriends We are not looking to fill all of those positions. Don't need many of them - reduce size of government. @IngrahamAngle
Leaving now for Texas!
HISTORIC rainfall in Houston, and all over Texas. Floods are unprecedented, and more rain coming. Spirit of the people is incredible.Thanks!
Major rescue operations underway!
Going to a Cabinet Meeting (tele-conference) at 11:00 A.M. on #Harvey. Even expeWe are in the NAFTA (worst trade deal ever made) renegotiation process with Mexico &amp, Canada.Both being very difficult,may have to terminate?
With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world, we must have THE WALL. Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other.
Wow - Now expeI will also be going to a wonderful state, Missouri, that I won by a lot in '16. Dem C.M. is opposed to big tax cuts. Republican will win S!
I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. The focus must be life and safety.
Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen. Good news is that we have great talent on the ground.
Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with. Thousands rescued.
Wonderful coordination between Federal, State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK! Record setting rainfall.
Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey from Camp David. We are leaving nothing to chance. City, State and Federal Govs. working great together!
.@ChuckGrassley - got your message loud and clear. We have fantastic people on the ground, got there long before #Harvey. So far, so good!
I am pleased to inform you that I have just granted a full Pardon to 85 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio. He kept Arizona safe!
At the request of the Governor of Texas, I have signed the Disaster Proclamation, which unleashes the full force of government help!
Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. Federal Government is on site and ready to respond. Be safe!
Just arrived at Camp David, where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey (as it strengthens to a Class 3). 125 MPH winds!
Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey, as it strengthens to a Category 3. BE SAFE!
Received a #HurricaneHarvey briefing this morning from Acting @DHSgov Secretary Elaine Duke, @FEMA_Brock, @TomBosseI have spoken w/ @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov Edwards. Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey developments &amp, here to assist as needed.
Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '18. Tennessee not happy!
"Nick Adams, "Retaking America" "Best things of this presidency aren't repoFew, if any, Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A. Bills passed, regulations killed, border, military, ISIS, SC!
General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff. There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W.H. Don't believe the Fake News
If Senate Republicans don't get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51% majority, few bills will be passed. 8 Dems control the Senate!
The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that, after hearing Repeal &amp, Replace for 7 years, he failed!That should NEVER have happened!
James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?
..(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). Too bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?
...(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, there was Afghanistan (somber), the big Rally.....
...(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong).To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, their was Afghanistan (somber), the big Rally.....
...didn't do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up (as usual) on Debt Ceiling approval. Could have been so easy-now a mess!
I requested that Mitch M &amp, Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A. Bill (which just passed) for easy approval. They...
If Republican Senate doesn't get rid of the Filibuster Rule &amp, go to a simple majority, which the Dems would do, they are just wasting time!
Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didn't cover fairly. People got it!
Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake, weak on crime &amp, border!
Jerry Falwell of LibeThoughts &amp, prayers are w/ our @USNavy sailors aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain where search &amp, rescue effoHeading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News repoI want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one!
Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heal, &amp, we will heal, &amp, be stronger than ever before!
Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heel, &amp, we will heel, &amp, be stronger than ever before!
Great job by all law enforcement officers and Boston Mayor @MaLooks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smaSteve Bannon will be a tough and smaCongratulations to Sung Hyun Park on winning the 2017 @USGA #USWomensOpen🇺🇸
ImpoI want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks S
My thoughts and prayers are with the @KissimmeePolice and their loved ones. We are with you!#LESM
Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military (which we are rapidly building to strongest ever).
Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The couThe Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the couHomeland Security and law enforcement are on aleStudy what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years!
The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona, Spain, and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough &amp, strong, we love you!
...the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!
...can't change history, but you can learn from it. RobeSad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apaMany meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great!
Great to see that Dr. Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake, who is WEAK on borders, crime and a non-factor in Senate. He's toxic!
The public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate, bigotry etc. Shame!
...and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember!
Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGA
Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK, neo-Nazis &amp, white supremacists......
Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council &amp, Strategy &amp, Policy Forum, I am ending both. Thank you all!
Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all!
Wow, Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional suppoMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race!
Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns, cities and states throughout the U.S. are being huFor every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!
Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange, he will be great!
Feels good to be home after seven months, but the White House is very special, there is no place like it... and the U.S. is really my home!
Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people!
Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade.
Big day in Washington, D.C., even though White House &amp, Oval Office are being renovated. Great trade deals coming for American workers!
.@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher &amp, higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back &amp, LOWER PRICES!
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!
The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast!
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border &amp, Wall, the military, tax cuts &amp, law enforcement.
Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today, and best regards to all of those injured, in Charlottesville, Virginia. So sad!
Deepest condolences to the families &amp, fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. You're all among the best this nation produces.
Am in Bedminster for meetings &amp, press conference on V.A. &amp, all that we have done, and are doing, to make it better-but Charlottesville sad!
We ALL must be united &amp, condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!
.@IvankaTrump will lead the U.S. delegation to India this fall, suppoMitch, get back to work and put Repeal &amp, Replace, Tax Reform &amp, Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing. You can do it!
Can you believe that Mitch McConnell, who has screamed Repeal &amp, Replace for 7 years, couldn't get it done. Must Repeal &amp, Replace ObamaCare!
Senator Mitch McConnell said I had "excessive expectations," but I don't think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal &amp, Replace, why not done?
...Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!
My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before....
"Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement!
After 200 days, rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! Don't believe the Fake News Suppression Polls!
E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane.
After many years of failure,countries are coming together to finally address the dangers posed by NoI will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis, a major problem for our country, today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedminster, N.J.
I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there
How much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources), remain in business?
The Fake News Media will not talk about the impoOn #PurpleHea...conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and....
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a phony Vietnam con aWorking hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings.
Hard to believe that with 24/7 #Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, NYTIMES &amp, WAPO, the Trump base is getting stronger!
... Supreme Cou...and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story, record Stock Market, border security, military strength, jobs.....
The Trump base is far bigger &amp, stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio.......
The failing @nytimes, which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized), is totally inept!
United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on NoAfter many years of LEAKS going on in Washington, it is great to see the A.G. taking action! For National Security, the tougher the better!
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 to sanction NoWorking in Bedminster, N.J., as long planned construction is being done at the White House. This is not a vacation - meetings and calls!
No matter the mission, the brave men &amp, women of our @USCG proudly answer the call to serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU and HAPPY BIExcellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA!
West Virginia was incredible last night. Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond, GDP at 3%, wow!Dem Governor became a Republican last night.
Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high....and for good reason. Much more regulation "busting" to come. Working hard on tax cuts &amp, reform!
....and don't forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wisconsin.
Toyota &amp, Mazda to build a new $1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs. A great investment in American manufacturing!
Just arrived in West Virginia for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 7:00pmE. Massive crowd expected - tune in! #MAGA🇺🇸
Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time &amp, very dangerous low. You can thank Congress, the same people that can't even give us HCare!
I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Much work left to do but effect will be great! Business &amp, jobs will grow.
Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That doesn't just happen!
I love the White House, one of the most beautiful buildings (homes) I have ever seen. But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUE
Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media (110 million people). Only way for me to get the truth out!
"Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now." Thank you StuaStock Market could hit all-time high (again) 22,000 today. Was 18,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. Mainstream media seldom mentions!
A great day at the White House!
Highest Stock Market EVER, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in 17 years, wages raising, border secure, S.C.: No WH chaos!
If ObamaCare is huDon't give up Republican Senators, the World is watching: Repeal &amp, Replace...and go to 51 votes (nuke option), get Cross State Lines &amp, more.
...they do NOTHING for us with NoI am very disappointed in China. Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade, yet...
I love reading about all of the "geniuses" who were so instrumental in my election success. Problem is, most don't exist. #Fake News! MAGA
Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters, Repeal &amp, Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill!
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!
After seven years of "talking" Repeal &amp, Replace, the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare!
If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance, they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing at R's. MAKE CHANGE!
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time......
The very outdated filibuster rule must go. Budget reconciliation is killing R's in Senate. Mitch M, go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN. IT'S TIME!
I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country. We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him!
...and a Great Leader. John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security. He has been a true star of my Administration
I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff. He is a Great American....
DepaWe will always ENFORCE our laws, PROTECT our borders, and SUPPO...Even though paIf Republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the Senate, they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority, not senseless 60...
3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch!
Go Republican Senators, Go! Get there after waiting for 7 years. Give America great healthcare!
Big progress being made in ridding our country of MS-13 gang members and gang members in general. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
...about then candidate Trump." Catherine Herridge @FoxNews. So why doesn't Fake News repo"One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information.....
Come on Republican Senators, you can do it on Healthcare. After 7 years, this is your chance to shine! Don't let the American people down!
Wow, the Failing @nytimes said about @foxandfriends "....the most powerful T.V. show in America.
...big dollars ($700,000) for his wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp!
Why didn't A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got....
....victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you
....Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming.....
After consultation with my Generals and military expeSenator @lisamurkowski of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans, and our country, down yesterday. Too bad!
The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soon!
Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there!
This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people!
Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big &amp, exciting. JOBS! The E.U. is very protectionist with the U.S. STOP!
Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up, 11 year old Barron Trump!
So great that John McCain is coming back to vote. Brave - American hero! Thank you John.
ObamaCare is toBig day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking, we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate!
Problem is that the acting head of the FBI &amp, the person in charge of the Hillary investigation, Andrew McCabe, got $700,000 from H for wife!
Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright!
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails &amp, DNC server) &amp, Intel leakers!
"Ukrainian effoIs Fake News Washington Post being used as a lobbyist weapon against Congress to keep Politicians from looking into Amazon no-tax monopoly?
So many stories about me in the @washingtonpost are Fake News. They are as bad as ratings challenged @CNN. Lobbyist for Amazon and taxes?
The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive, dangerous, and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad.....
Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal &amp, Replace after years of talking &amp, campaigning on it.
Sleazy Adam Schiff, the totally biased Congressman looking into "Russia," spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse!
So why aren't the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes &amp, Russia relations?
After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer just stated that "Democrats should blame ourselves,not Russia.
Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the Fake News!
Thank you to @LOUDOBBS for giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A+. S.C.,reg cutting,Stock M, jobs,border etc. = TRUE!
If Republicans don't Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare, the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand!
It's hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every story/opinion, even if should be positive, is bad!
It's very sad that Republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their President.
As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, Democrats and Russians!
Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics!
ObamaCare is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists, no ideas or votes, only obstruction. It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators!
The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and, after 7 years, vote to Repeal and Replace. Next, Tax Reform and Infrastructure. WIN!
In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci, he wanted to endorse me 1st, before the Republican Primaries staMy son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media &amp, authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted (&amp, acid washed) her 33,000 e-mails!
...What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia, including Podesta Company, Uranium deal, Russian Reset, big dollar speeches etc.
So many people are asking why isn't the A.G. or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. 33,000 e-mails deleted?
While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS
This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world, The Gerald R. Ford. Norfolk, Va.
The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist,Al-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda over National Security
A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Post,this time against A.G. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks, like Comey's, must stop!
The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is, &amp, it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scream death as OCare dies!
I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America!
The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister!
Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is "sick." All G 20 leaders, and spouses, were invited by the Chancellor of Germany. Press knew!
The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. Even paWith only a very small majority, the Republicans in the House &amp, Senate need more victories next year since Dems totally obstruct, no votes!
As I have always said, let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. Stay tuned!
We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal, terrific &amp, worked really hard. We will return!
Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now &amp, work on a new Healthcare Plan that will staI am at the @USGA #USWomensOpen. An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting!
The ABC/Washington Post Poll, even though almost 40% is not bad at this time, was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time!
With all of its phony unnamed sources &amp, highly slanted &amp, even fraudulent repoThank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign.
Thank you to all of the suppoHillaryClinton can illegally get the questions to the Debate &amp, delete 33,000 emails but my son Don is being scorned by the Fake News Media?
Just got to the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, New Jersey. People are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17% since election!
Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also, jobs numbers are staStock Market at new all-time high! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U.S. and its workers!
I will be at the @USGA #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, NJ tomorrow. Big crowds expected &amp, the women are playing great-should be very exciting!
Just landed from Paris, France. It was an incredible visit with President @EmmanuelMacron. A lot discussed and accomplished in two days!
Left Paris for U.S.A. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the#USWomensOpen, their most impoGreat conversations with President @EmmanuelMacron and his representatives on trade, military and security.
.@VP Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people.
After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare, Republican Senators must come through as they have promised!
So impt Rep Senators, under leadership of @SenateMajLdr McConnell get healthcare plan approved. After 7yrs of O'Care disaster, must happen!
Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk, pen in hand!
Getting rdy to leave for France @ the invitation of President Macron to celebrate &amp, honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U.S. entry into WWI.
"After 14 years, U.S. beef hits Chinese market. Trade deal an exciting oppoThe W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform &amp, many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V.
Why aren't the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful!
.@WashTimes states "Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump.
ISIS is on the run &amp, will soon be wiped out of Syria &amp, Iraq, illegal border crossings are way down (75%) &amp, MS 13 gangs are being removed.
Remember, when you hear the words "sources say" from the Fake Media, often times those sources are made up and do not exist.
My son Donald did a good job last night. He was open, transparent and innocent. This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Sad!
"My son, Donald, will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 P.M. He is a great person who loves our country!
Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heaWorking hard to get the Olympics for the United States (L.A.). Stay tuned!
The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees. They can't win so all they do is slow things down &amp, obstruct!
"If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother,as her mother gave our country away, the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!
When I left Conference Room for shoI cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go!
James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal!
The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire can,&amp, did!
Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good!
For years, even as a "civilian," I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance!
Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian &amp, Syrian problems are solved!
...have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election?
...and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA &amp, FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER, and were rejected, still don't....
Putin &amp, I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit so that election hacking, &amp, many other negative things, will be guarded..
...We negotiated a ceasefire in paI strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I've already given my opinion.....
The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U.S. - Explained that the U.S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. Will get done!
Leaving Hamburg for Washington, D.C. and the WH. Just left China’s President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade &amp, NoLaw enforcement &amp, military did a spectacular job in Hamburg. Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists. @PolizeiHamburg #G20Summit
The #G20Summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel. Thank you!
I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will #MAGA!
I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders, including my meeting with Vladimir Putin. Much to discuss.#G20Summit #USA🇺🇸
Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful!
After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinzō Abe of Japan &amp, President Moon of South Korea.
My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone, including the haters, for the great reviews of the speech!
Trade between China and NoThe United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?
Getting ready to leave for Poland, after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20. Will be back on Saturday.
Gas prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower.
Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House. Happy 4th to everyone. Our country will grow and prosper!
....and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on NoNoDow hit a new intraday all-time high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so repoReally great numbers on jobs &amp, the economy! Things are staIf we can help little #CharlieGard, as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope, we would be delighted to do so.
At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers, strong economy, success with ISIS, the border &amp, so much else!
Will be speaking with Italy this morning!
Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East. Interesting things are happening!
Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning.
My use of social media is not Presidential - it’s MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again!
I am thinking about changing the name #FakeNews CNN to #FraudNewsCNN!
....the 2016 election with interviews, speeches and social media. I had to beat #FakeNews, and did. We will continue to WIN!
The FAKE &amp, FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media - but remember, I won....
Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!
I am extremely pleased to see that @CNN has finally been exposed as #FakeNews and garbage journalism. It's about time!
Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide?
Word is that @Greta Van Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at @NBC &amp, @Comcast because she refused to go along w/ 'Trump hate!'
Happy Canada Day to all of the great people of Canada and to your Prime Minister and my new found friend @JustinTrudeau. #Canada150
Watched low rated @Morning_Joe for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer aCrime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic propoIf Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date!
Good news out of the House with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.' Hopefully Senate will follow.
Good news, House just passed #KatesLaw. Hopefully Senate will follow.
...to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!
I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came..
The #AmazonWashingtonPost, sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is FAKE NEWS!
Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong, I know the subject well &amp, want victory for U.S.
Karen Handel's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent....
The failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke!
I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right, unlike OCare!
With ZERO Democrats to help, and a failed, expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy, the Republican Senators are working hard!
So they caught Fake News CNN cold, but what about NBC, CBS &amp, ABC? What about the failing @nytimes &amp, @washingtonpost? They are all Fake News!
Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories. Ratings way down!
Wow, CNN had to retract big story on "Russia," with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS!
Great day for America's future Security and Safety, cou"From @FoxNews "Bombshell: In 2016, Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election." Check out his statement - Witch Hunt!"
Very grateful for the 9-O decision from the U. S. Supreme CouRepublican Senators are working very hard to get there, with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash &amp, burn!
..under a magnifying glass, they have zero "tapes" of T people colluding. There is no collusion &amp, no obstruction. I should be given apology!
The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia...
...and did not want to "rock the boat." He didn't "choke," he colluded or obstructed, and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good.
The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win..
The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS, they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare!
I am on @foxandfriends - Enjoy!
Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic PaI cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer!
"Obama Administration official said they "choked" when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didn't want to huSince the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action? Focus on them, not T!
Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums &amp, deductibles increase by over 100%. Remember keep your doctor, keep your plan?
Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY?
I've helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills, mostly with no Democratic suppoWill be on @foxandfriends. Enjoy!
I am very suppoMexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world, after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL!
...whether there are "tapes" or recordings of my conversations with James Comey, but I did not make, and do not have, any such recordings.
With all of the recently repoI ce...Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI, and still hasn't? It's all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election!
...Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election). It's all a big Dem HOAX!
By the way, if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election, it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn't they stop them?
Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump &amp, Russia.
Just landed in Iowa. See everyone soon! #MAGA🇺🇸
Democrats would do much better as a paWell, the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News, all the money spent = 0
Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina's 5th District. We are all honored by your success tonight!
Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th. Fantastic job, we are all very proud of you!
Thank you @FoxNews "Huge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election.
Things are looking great for Karen H!
While I greatly appreciate the effoThe U.S. once again condemns the brutality of the NoKAREN HANDEL FOR CONGRESS. She will fight for lower taxes, great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up! VOTE TODAY
Democrat Jon Ossoff, who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security, doesn't even live in district.
Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina. ObamaCare is dead. Dems want to raise taxes big! They can only obstruct, no ideas. Vote "R
....because he doesn't even live there! He wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel.
....because he doesn't live there! He wants to raise taxes &amp, kill healthcare. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel.
Karen Handle's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent....
....getting great border security and healthcare. #VoteRalphNorman tomorrow!
Ralph Norman, who is running for Congress in SC's 5th District, will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes, and....
My heaThe Dems want to stop tax cuts, good healthcare and Border Security.Their ObamaCare is dead with 100% increases in P's. Vote now for Karen H
Jay Sekulow on @foxandfriends now.
Camp David is a very special place. An honor to have spent the weekend there. Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do!
The new Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election, just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating.That's higher than O's #'s!
...massive regulation cuts, 36 new legislative bills signed, great new S.C.Justice, and Infrastructure, Healthcare and Tax Cuts in works!
The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt. Many new jobs, high business enthusiasm,..
Back from Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very happy with what I signed today. Another campaign promise that I did not forget!
I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt
Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America, the economic &amp, jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down, jobs and enthusiasm way up!
The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media - over 100 million people! I can go around them
After 7 months of investigations &amp, committee hearings about my "collusion with the Russians," nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad!
Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer, 'bleached' emails, &amp, had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared- &amp, they talk about obstruction?
Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at, but my non-dealings are?
You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people! #MAGA
They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice
Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!
Happy biRep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him.
Just got back from Wisconsin. Great day, great people!
2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare. It is in a death spiral. Obstructionist Democrats gave up, have no answer = resist!
Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is repoFake News is at an all time high. Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories???
A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes...gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Totally illegal!
Well, as predicted, the 9th Circuit did it again - Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. S.C.
Ivanka on @foxandfriends now!
Great numbers on the economy. All of our work, including the passage of many bills &amp, regulation killing Executive Orders, now kicking in!
"The Democrats have no message, not on economics, not on taxes, not on jobs, not on failing #Obamacare. They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS!
I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very 'cowardly!'
...way up. Regulations way down. 600,000+ new jobs added. Unemployment down to 4.3%. Business and economic enthusiasm way up- record levels!
Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling &amp, Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major paGreat repoDespite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication...and WOW, Comey is a leaker!
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati, in the GREAT STATE of OHIO, to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare &amp, also Infrastructure!
I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow.
Senate passed the VA Accountability Act. The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP! We can’t tolerate substandard care for our vets.
...extremism, and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!
So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding...
Sorry folks, but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, washpost or nytimes, I would have had ZERO chance winning WH
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar - look!
The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out.
Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare. We are all pushing hard - must get it right!
Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his "no reason to be alarmed" statement. MSM is working hard to sell it!
.@foxandfriends Dems are taking forever to approve my people, including Ambassadors. They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals.
In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The couThe Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme CouThe Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S.C.
People, the lawyers and the couDo you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck!
At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is "no reason to be alarmed!
We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smaWhatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K., we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The big story is the "unmasking and surveillance" of people that took place during the Obama Administration.
I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord, Thursday at 3:00 P.M. The White House Rose Garden. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself, refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook &amp, even Dems &amp, DNC.
We traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances, and to form new paI will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hopefully Republican Senators, good people all, can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal &amp, replace) HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved $'s.
Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick!
...case against him &amp, now wants to clear his name by showing "the false or misleading testimony by James Comey, John Brennan..." Witch Hunt!
So now it is repo"Who can figure out the true meaning of "covfefe" ??? Enjoy!"
Despite the constant negative press covfefe
The U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes, immediately, and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved, fast and easy. Dems would do it, no doubt!
Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. &amp, how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News.
We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany, plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO &amp, military. Very bad for U.S. This will change
I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning.
Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you, God bless your families &amp, God bless the USA!
NoHonoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free, because of the brave. #MemorialDay🇺🇸
The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging &amp, demeaning my use of social media because they don't want America to hear the real story!
The massive TAX CUTS/REFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well, actually ahead of schedule. Big benefits to all!
I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better!
British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details!
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp, Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
....it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp, Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
....it is very possible that those sources don't exsist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!
Whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media, and they don't mention names....
It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media.
Just returned from Europe. Trip was a great success for America. Hard work but big results!
Big win in Montana for Republicans!
Big win in Montana for Republicans! We
Just arrived in Italy after having a very successful NATO meeting in Brussels. Told other nations they must pay more, not fair to U.S.
Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U.S.A. from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
I look forward to reading the @CommerceGov 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in June. Will take major action if necessary.
"...."we push for the removal of all trade-distoJust left the #G7Summit. Had great meetings on everything, especially on trade where....
I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!
Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably, as they should. Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger.
Getting ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth, terrorism, and security.
Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs.
All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace.
Israel, Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great. Trying hard for PEACE. Doing well. Heading to Vatican &amp, Pope, then #G7 and #NATO.
Thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit, Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi.
Getting ready for my big foreign trip. Will be strongly protecting American interests - that's what I like to do!
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp, Obama Administration, there was never a special counsel appointed!
This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp, Obama Administration, there was never a special councel appointed!
I have been asking Director Comey &amp, others, from the beginning of my administration, to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community.....
...to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS &amp, terrorism.
Wishing @FLOTUS Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends! Happy #MothersDay
I was thrilled to be back @LibeWill be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews at 9:00 P.M. (Saturday night). Enjoy!
We
China just agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef, and other major products, into China once again. This is REAL news!
When James Clapper himself, and vi"James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he sta"...Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future "press briefings" and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy???"
As a very active President with lots of things happening, it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!....
Again, the story that there was collusion between the Russians &amp, Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election.
Dems have been complaining for months &amp, months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites!
The Roger Stone repocaught, he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge &amp, jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts.
years, as a pol in Connecticut, Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there. When....
Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. "Richie" devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history. For....
Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington, Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down, they will be thanking me!
James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI.
The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey, including the fact that he should be fired, but now they play so sad!
Cryin' Chuck Schumer stated recently, "I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer." Then acts so indignant. #draintheswamp
Biggest story today between Clapper &amp, Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media repoThe Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?
Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!
Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is "no evidence" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump.
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel.
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Council.
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.
Congratulations to @PGA_JohnDaly on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again!
Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U.S.
Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him!
Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead!
"When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia &amp, why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?
The reason I am staying in Bedminster, N. J., a beautiful community, is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings!
Great jobs repoWhy is it that the Fake News rarely repoWow,the Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare!
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great.
Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C., I will be working out of my home in Bedminster, N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money!
Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2, we will have truly great healthcare!
If victorious, Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote!
Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums &amp, deductibles - and be great healthcare!
I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the "you can keep you doctor, you can keep your plan &amp, premiums will go down" ObamaCare lie.
The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this!
...allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good!
Susan Rice, the former National Security Advisor to President Obama, is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on.....
...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?
FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony...
either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good "shutdown" in September to fix mess!
The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We....
...healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums &amp, deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!
You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors....New
The Democrats, without a leader, have become the paBig excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning at 10:00 A.M. Have a great day!
Mainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements, including 28 legislative signings, strong borders &amp, great optimism!
Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. Big crowd, big energy!
.@LouDobbs just stated that "President Trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history" Thank you Lou!
As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!
Democrats used to suppoDemocrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #AmericaFirst🇺🇸
What's more impoI promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics!
I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare.
The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Pue...subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all, we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good-deal very possible!
I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed..
HAPPY BIThe U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hu"...the Ninth Circuit, which has a terrible record of being ove"Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the "ban" case and now the "sanctuary" case is brought in ..."
Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc.
Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch!
....the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!#BuildTheWall
The Wall is a very impoThe two fake news polls released yesterday, ABC &amp, NBC, while containing some very positive info, were totally wrong in General E. Watch!
...popular vote. ABC News/Washington Post Poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me &amp, 53% said strong leader.
New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in .....
Eventually, but at a later date so we can get staThe Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members.
ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.
Very interesting election currently taking place in France.
I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter!
Today on EaBig TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday.
Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!
Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans!
China is very much the economic lifeline to NoNo matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, &amp, it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill!
Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!
Failing @nytimes, which has been calling me wrong for two years, just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H.
Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th.
Just learned that Jon @Ossoff, who is running for Congress in Georgia, doesn't even live in the district. Republicans, get out and vote!
Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime &amp, 2nd A.
Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt staThe weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!
With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia (on Tuesday) for Congress, a runoff will be a win. Vote "R" for lower taxes &amp, safety!
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!
The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!
A great book for your reading enjoyment: "REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS" by Michael J. Knowles.
The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy!" So true. @foxandfriends
The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!
Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly, we have no choice!
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!
I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?
Happy Easter to everyone!
Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses &amp, there will be lasting peace!
I have great confidence that China will properly deal with NoJobs are returning, illegal immigration is plummeting, law, order and justice are being restored. We are truly making America great again!
One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations. Big changes are happening!
Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers. #AmericaFirst
Great meeting w/ NATO Sec. Gen. We agreed on the impoGreat win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes, easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems, who spent heavily &amp, predicted victory!
Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy, I need his help on Healthcare &amp, Tax Cuts (Reform).
NoI explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the NoHappy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America, Israel, and around the world. #ChagSameach
...confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly.
So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U.S. strongly condemns. I have great...
Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him!
The reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top)!
Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States, and the world, so well in the Syria attack.
...goodwill and friendship was formed, but only time will tell on trade.
It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States. Tremendous...
Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States, I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship.
.@FoxNews from multiple sources: "There was electronic surveillance of Trump, and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented." @FBI
Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!
Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?
The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers.
Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.
..not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated." If this is true, does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U.S.
Wow, @FoxNews just repo"...use subsidies to buy health plans." In other words, Ocare is dead. Good things will happen, however, either with Republicans or Dems.
The failing @nytimes finally gets it - "In places where no insurance company offers plans, there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to..
It is the same Fake News Media that said there is "no path to victory for Trump" that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam!
...and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.
The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits...
Where are @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador?#RepealANDReplace #Obamacare
If @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp, reform.
If @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp, reform.
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by ceRemember when the failing @nytimes apologized to its subscribers, right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse!
Why doesn't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by @FoxNews or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of Uranium?
Watch @foxandfriends now on Podesta and Russia!
Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S. JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!
The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry, we are in very good shape!
The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win!
...money to Bill, the Hillary Russian "reset," praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA!
Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill &amp, Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech....
General Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore.
Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood &amp, Ocare!
Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing suppoWatch @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews tonight at 9:00 P.M.
ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!
The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!
After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums &amp, deductibles, bad healthcare), this is finally your chance for a great plan!
We are taking action to #RepealANDReplace #Obamacare! Contact your Rep &amp, tell them you suppoA great American, KuJust watched the totally biased and fake news repoSpoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well.
Big day for healthcare. Working hard!
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?
Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at Fox
The real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!
The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College &amp, lost!
James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!
...vast sums of money to NATO &amp, the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!
"NoHappy Lá Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends!
"My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth &amp, future mtgs!
Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together!
I will be interviewed by @TuckerCarlson tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
CEO's most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut!
Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville, Tennessee, tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun!
Will be going to Detroit, Michigan (love), today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State &amp, U.S. Already happening!
Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!
ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day.
It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice, you will do much better!
We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!
U.S. Consumer ComfoDespite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!
Met with @RepCummings today at the @WhiteHouse. Great discussion!
LinkedIn Workforce RepoOn International Women's Day, join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America &amp, around the world.
I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.
I feel sure that my friend @RandPaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!
Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great, and getting major things done!
I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down!
Don't worry, getting rid of state lines, which will promote competition, will be in phase 2 &amp, 3 of healthcare rollout. @foxandfriends
For eight years Russia "ran over" President Obama, got stronger and stronger, picked-off Crimea and added missiles. Weak! @foxandfriends
Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast!
122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!
Thank you to @exxonmobil for your $20 billion investment that is creating more than 45,000 manufacturing &amp, construction jobs in the USA!
Buy American &amp, hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil.
45,000 construction &amp, manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. $20 billion investment. We are already winning again, America!
Buy American &amp, hire American are the principals at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil.
Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous suppo"Who was it that secretly said to Russian President, "Tell Vladimir that after the election I'll have more flexibility?" @foxandfriends"
Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible?
Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice, he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings, not by me. Sad end to great show
How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!
I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!
"Is it legal for a sitting President to be "wire tapping" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by couJust out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times, and 4 times last year alone.
"Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCaThe first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs......
It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet.
Nick Adams new book, Green Card Warrior, is a must read. The merit-based system is the way to go. Canada, Australia! @foxandfriends
...is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total "witch hunt!
...to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story...
...intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed.....
Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not....
Since November 8th, Election Day, the Stock Market has posted $3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. Jobs!
THANK YOU!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed, including healthcare.
Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!
For first time the failing @nytimes will take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation. Try repo"The race for DNC Chairman was, of course, totally "rigged." Bernie's guy, like Bernie himself, never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!"
Congratulations to Thomas Perez, who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him, or for the Republican PaI will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!
Great optimism for future of U.S. business, AND JOBS, with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax &amp, regulation cuts coming!
The media has not repoMaybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!
FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn't tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failing @nytimes has become a joke. Likewise @CNN. Sad!
find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW
The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security "leakers" that have permeated our government for a long time. They can't even......
Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it!
Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there - totally out of control. Chicago needs help!
Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people!
One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison, in his fight to lead the DNC, is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win!
The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad!
Just named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor.
Meeting with Generals at Mar-a-Lago in Florida. Very interesting!
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!
My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants &amp, Sweden.
Getting ready to leave for Melbourne, Florida. See you all soon!
Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House. Big 5:00 P.M. speech in Melbourne, Florida. A lot to talk about!
Don't believe the main stream (fake news) media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it.
Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow. Big crowd expected!
One of the most effective press conferences I've ever seen!" says Rush Limbaugh. Many agree.Yet FAKE MEDIA calls it differently! Dishonest
The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!
The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @CNN, @NBCNews and many more) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American people. SICK!
General Keith Kellogg, who I have known for a long time, is very much in play for NSA - as are three others.
Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy!
Going to Charleston, South Carolina, in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs! Look forward to it.
Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price, the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast!
The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly (306), so they made up a story - RUSSIA. Fake news!
FAKE NEWS media, which makes up stories and "sources," is far more effective than the discredited Democrats - but they are fading fast!
The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!
Leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing @nytimes (and others) must apologize!
Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout!
What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow!
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. Very un-American!
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?
Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - "The NSA &amp, FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is" Very serious situation for USA
Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes &amp, @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC &amp, @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!
The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?
Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic suppoCongratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!
I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.He's not smaAfter two days of very productive talks, Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan. L
While on FAKE NEWS @CNN, Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!
72% of refugees admitted into U.S. (2/3 -2/11) during COUThe crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members, drug dealers &amp, others are being removed!
#ICYMI: Joint Statement with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on NoA working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and his representatives, at the Winter White House (Mar-a-Lago). Very good talks!
Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @TheBig_Easy, Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!
Playef golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @TheBig_Easy, Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!
I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by the media, and to still hold her head so high, is truly wonderful!
Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla. They are a wonderful couple!
...design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!
I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the.....
Our legal system is broken! "77% of refugees allowed into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries." (WT) SO DANGEROUS!
The failing @nytimes does major FAKE NEWS China story saying "Mr.Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov.14." We spoke at length yesterday!
LAWFARE: "Remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute." A disgraceful decision!
"..Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a "failure." Time for the U.S. to get sma...long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero..
Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so....
Chris Cuomo, in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal, never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave "service" in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS!
Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie),now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?
Big increase in traffic into our country from ce16 Fake News Stories RepoMy daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!
I will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible, dangerous and wrong decision.......
If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!
It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!
I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1 in terror, no problem!
I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1in terror, no problem!
The failing @nytimes writes total fiction concerning me. They have gotten it wrong for two years, and now are making up stories &amp, sources!
Will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M.
I call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media, in order to marginalize, lies!
Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting.
Enjoy the #SuperBowl and then we continue: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor at 4:00 P.M. (prior to the #SuperBowl Pre-game Show) on Fox Network. Enjoy!
I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The couJust cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and couThe judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heaInterview with @oreillyfactor on Fox Network - 4:00 P.M. (prior to Super Bowl). Enjoy!
Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal CouBecause the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision
What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into U.S.?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election, the FAKE NEWS @nytimes is still lost!
The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be oveInteresting that ceWhen a country is no longer able to say who can, and who cannot , come in &amp, out, especially for reasons of safety &amp,.security - big trouble!
Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us!
We must keep "evil" out of our country!
A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMAProfessional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!
Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice!
Iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how "kind" President Obama was to them. Not me!
Yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard!
Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $150 billion
Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them!
Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man - thank you!
Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star!
If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?
Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!
Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago!
Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country!
Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPOWhen will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesn't work!
Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally at the steps of The Supreme CouThe Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G.
Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition paI have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Cou"If the ban were announced with a one week notice, the "bad" would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad "dudes" out there!"
There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big paprotesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airpoI will be interviewed by @TheBrodyFile on @CBNNews tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!
...Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to staThe joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain &amp, Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. The two...
Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!
Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world - a horrible mess!
Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing @nytimes and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity!
I will be interviewed by @TheBrodyFile on @CBNNews tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!
...dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. DISHONEST
Thr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its.....
The failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general election. FAKE NEWS!
.@VP Mike Pence will be speaking at today's #MarchForLife -- You have our full suppoThe #MarchForLife is so impoMexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits &amp, little help on the very weak border must change, NOW!
Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3,000,000 votes were illegal. We must do better!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @FoxNews at 10:00pm tonight. Enjoy!
of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.
The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers...
Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!
Interview with David Muir of @ABC News in 10 minutes. Enjoy!
I will be making my Supreme Coueven, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!
I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and....
Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!
If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible "carnage" going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds!
Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here!
Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America.
Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views.
Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs huHad a great meeting at CIA Headqua"A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to @FoxNews and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech!
FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN &amp, HIRE AMERICAN!#InaugurationDay #MAGA🇺🇸
We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!
The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on, it’s going to be #AmericaFirst🇺🇸
January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.
What truly matters is not which papower from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to you, the American People. #InaugurationDay
Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another, or from one paIt all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS!
the American people. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for..
It wasn't Donald Trump that divided this country, this country has been divided for a long time!" Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham.
Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush, both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter!
.@TheAlabamaBand was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama!
No wonder the Today Show on biased @NBC is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility!
Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump, the latest in a string..." @WSJ
to the U.S., but had nothing to do with TRUMP, is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!
Totally biased @NBCNews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford, G.M., Lockheed &amp, others that jobs are coming back...
Will be interviewed by @ainsleyearhardt on @foxandfriends - Enjoy!
thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in....he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president." Sound familiar! WP
John Lewis said about my inauguration, "It will be the first one that I've missed." WRONG (or lie)! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he...
country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing "big stuff.
With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our.....
The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before.
People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!
At 9:00 P.M. @CNN, of all places, is doing a Special Repo"@levisteveholt: @realDonaldTrump I appreciate your use of Twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency." Very dishonest media!"
Celebrate Mamuch worse - just look at Syria (red line), Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?
.@FoxNews "Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand." Oh really, couldn't do...
.@NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television!
about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here, &amp, when people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE." Media should also apologize
Thank you to Bob Woodward who said, "That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trump's right to be upset (angry)...
For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!!
will only get higher. Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to staMy thoughts and prayers are with Pastor Brunson, and we hope to have him safely back home soon!
The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number..
Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th, Washington D.C. Have fun!
Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!
INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS "A COMPLETE FRAUD!" @OANN
mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad!
Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apaA beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero, Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total suppo"The "Unaffordable" Care Act will soon be history!"
have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!
What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never.....
"released by "Intelligence" even knowing there is no proof, and never will be. My people will have a full repoTotally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably...
It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued....
All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine!
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now it's onto the House!
.@CNN is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone!
Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great suppoJames Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious repo"@zhu_amy3: @realDonaldTrump It's Morning in America again!!! ☀️☀️☀️Thank you President-Elect Donald Trump!!! So proud of you!!!!" THANKS!"
We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on
Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to "leak" into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?
I win an election easily, a great "movement" is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!
Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford &amp, Fiat C!
It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs. This after...
groveling" when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media!
"Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time, I never "mocked" a disabled repoMeryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a.....
RupeDishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!
Before I, or anyone, saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence repo"Kellyanne Conway went to @MeetThePress this morning for an interview with @chucktodd. Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. Terrible!
I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain, a longtime U.S. ally, is very special!
Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Paboth countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!
have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and....
Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only "stupid" people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We.....
Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!
Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched!
Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense!
Happy BiMonitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe!
I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it.
Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast &amp, Steven Newhouse, a friend. Will go this AM.
being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares, he suppo"Wow, the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got "swamped" (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine, DJT. So much for...."
Hopefully, all suppoand knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE
Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the......
The dishonest media does not repoSo how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?
The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia......
"How did NBC get "an exclusive look into the top secret repoToyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.
to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against "Intelligence" when in fact I am a big fan!
The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states, it is for the people....
...time for Republicans &amp, Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive &amp, FAR BETTER!
...do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning."Keep you doctor, keep your plan!" It is....
The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it, they..
Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just don't understand the "Movement
massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!
like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web...
Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases......
things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media, as usual, gave them a pass.
Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have "hacking defense" like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible......
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow
Julian Assange said "a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta" - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!
The "Intelligence" briefing on so-called "Russian hacking" was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!
I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you.
........may be, their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many other things of far greater impoWith all that Congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as unfair as it
The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said "The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) is no longer affordable!" - And, it is lousy healthcare.
People must remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work, and it is not affordable - 116% increases (Arizona). Bill Clinton called it "CRAZY
General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!
China has been taking out massive amounts of money &amp, wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade, but won't help with NoNoI thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I.
Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and.....
Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help!
Well, the New Year begins. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....Senator Schumer, more than a year longer than any other Administration in history. These are people who have been approved by committees and all others, yet Schumer continues to hold them back from serving their Country! Very Unfair!
Heads of countries are calling wanting to know why Senator Schumer is not approving their otherwise approved Ambassadors!? Likewise in Government lawyers and others are being delayed at a record pace! 360 great and hardworking people are waiting for approval from....
It’s incredible how Democrats can all use their ridiculous sound bite and say that a Wall doesn’t work. It does, and properly built, almost 100%! They say it’s old technology - but so is the wheel. They now say it is immoral- but it is far more immoral for people to be dying!
I’m in the Oval Office. Democrats, come back from vacation now and give us the votes necessary for Border Security, including the Wall. You voted yes in 2006 and 2013. One more yes, but with me in office, I’ll get it built, and Fast!
I’m in the Oval Office. Democrats, come back from vacation now and give us the votes necessary for Border Security, including the Wall. You voted yes in 2006 and 3013. One more yes, but with me in office, I’ll get it built, and Fast!
I am the only person in America who could say that, “I’m bringing our great troops back home, with victory,” and get BAD press. It is Fake News and Pundits who have FAILED for years that are doing the complaining. If I stayed in Endless Wars forever, they would still be unhappy!
I campaigned on Border Security, which you cannot have without a strong and powerful Wall. Our Southern Border has long been an “Open Wound,” where drugs, criminals (including human traffickers) and illegals would pour into our Country. Dems should get back here an fix now!
.....Except the results are FAR BETTER than I ever said they were going to be! I campaigned against the NEVER ENDING WARS, remember!
...I campaigned on getting out of Syria and other places. Now when I staIf anybody but Donald Trump did what I did in Syria, which was an ISIS loaded mess when I became President, they would be a national hero. ISIS is mostly gone, we’re slowly sending our troops back home to be with their families, while at the same time fighting ISIS remnants......
An all concrete Wall was NEVER ABANDONED, as has been repoPresident and Mrs. Obama built/has a ten foot Wall around their D.C. mansion/compound. I agree, totally necessary for their safety and security. The U.S. needs the same thing, slightly larger version!
Great work by my Administration over the holidays to save Coast Guard pay during this #SchumerShutdown. No thanks to the Democrats who left town and are not concerned about the safety and security of Americans!
Veterans on President Trump’s handling of Border Security - 62% Approval Rating. On being a strong leader - 59%. AP Poll. Thank you!
“It turns out to be true now, that the Depa“Absolutely nothing” (on Russian Collusion). Kimberley Strassel, The Wall Street Journal. The Russian Collusion fabrication is the greatest Hoax in the history of American politics. The only Russian Collusion was with Hillary and the Democrats!
2018 is being called “THE YEAR OF THE WORKER” by Steve Moore, co-author of “Trumponomics.” It was indeed a great year for the American Worker with the “best job market in 50 years, and the lowest unemployment rate ever for blacks and Hispanics and all workers. Big wage gains.”
For those that naively ask why didn’t the Republicans get approval to build the Wall over the last year, it is because IN THE SENATE WE NEED 10 DEMOCRAT VOTES, and they will gives us “NONE” for Border Security! Now we have to do it the hard way, with a Shutdown. Too bad! @FoxNews
...children in question were very sick before they were given over to Border Patrol. The father of the young girl said it was not their fault, he hadn’t given her water in days. Border Patrol needs the Wall and it will all end. They are working so hard &amp, getting so little credit!
Any deaths of children or others at the Border are strictly the fault of the Democrats and their pathetic immigration policies that allow people to make the long trek thinking they can enter our country illegally. They can’t. If we had a Wall, they wouldn’t even try! The two.....
Just had a long and very good call with President Xi of China. Deal is moving along very well. If made, it will be very comprehensive, covering all subjects, areas and points of dispute. Big progress being made!
I am in the White House waiting for the Democrats to come on over and make a deal on Border Security. From what I hear, they are spending so much time on Presidential Harassment that they have little time left for things like stopping crime and our military!
The Mueller Angry Democrats recently deleted approximately 19,000 Text messages between FBI Agent Lisa Page and her lover, Agent Peter S. These Texts were asked for and INVALUABLE to the truth of the Witch Hunt Hoax. This is a total Obstruction of Justice. All Texts Demanded!
Thank you to Sean Parnell for the nice comments on @foxandfriends about the troops wonderful reaction to Melania and I in Iraq and Germany. Great things are happening!
.....Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador are doing nothing for the United States but taking our money. Word is that a new Caravan is forming in Honduras and they are doing nothing about it. We will be cutting off all aid to these 3 countries - taking advantage of U.S. for years!
.....close the Southern Border. Bring our car industry back into the United States where it belongs. Go back to pre-NAFTA, before so many of our companies and jobs were so foolishly sent to Mexico. Either we build (finish) the Wall or we close the Border......
....The United States looses soooo much money on Trade with Mexico under NAFTA, over 75 Billion Dollars a year (not including Drug Money which would be many times that amount), that I would consider closing the Southern Border a “profit making operation.” We build a Wall or.....
We will be forced to close the Southern Border entirely if the Obstructionist Democrats do not give us the money to finish the Wall &amp, also change the ridiculous immigration laws that our Country is saddled with. Hard to believe there was a Congress &amp, President who would approve!
CNN &amp, others within the Fake News Universe were going wild about my signing MAGA hats for our military in Iraq and Germany. If these brave young people ask me to sign their hat, I will sign. Can you imagine my saying NO? We brought or gave NO hats as the Fake News first repoThis isn’t about the Wall, everybody knows that a Wall will work perfectly (In Israel the Wall works 99.9%). This is only about the Dems not letting Donald Trump &amp, the Republicans have a win. They may have the 10 Senate votes, but we have the issue, Border Security. 2020!
Brad Blakeman: “The American people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us fight their battles for them. The President says look, this is your neighborhood, you’ve got to stand up to protect yourselves. Don’t always look to America.”
Brad Blakeman: “The American people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us fight their battles for them. The Pesident says look, this is your neighborhood, you’ve got to stand up to protect yourselves. Don’t always look to America.”
There is right now a full scale manhunt going on in California for an illegal immigrant accused of shooting and killing a police officer during a traffic stop. Time to get tough on Border Security. Build the Wall!
“Border Patrol Agents want the Wall.” Democrat’s say they don’t want the Wall (even though they know it is really needed), and they don’t want ICE. They don’t have much to campaign on, do they? An Open Southern Border and the large scale crime that comes with such stupidity!
The reason the DACA for Wall deal didn’t get done was that a ridiculous couThe Democrats OBSTRUCTION of the desperately needed Wall, where they almost all recently agreed it should be built, is exceeded only by their OBSTRUCTION of 350 great people wanting &amp, expecting to come into Government after being delayed for more than two years, a U.S. record!
The reason the DACA for Wall deal didn’t get done was that a ridiculous couHave the Democrats finally realized that we desperately need Border Security and a Wall on the Southern Border. Need to stop Drugs, Human Trafficking,Gang Members &amp, Criminals from coming into our Country. Do the Dems realize that most of the people not getting paid are Democrats?
I hope everyone, even the Fake News Media, is having a great Christmas! Our Country is doing very well. We are securing our Borders, making great new Trade Deals, and bringing our Troops Back Home. We are finally putting America First. MERRY CHRISTMAS! #MAGA
I am in the Oval Office &amp, just gave out a 115 mile long contract for another large section of the Wall in Texas. We are already building and renovating many miles of Wall, some complete. Democrats must end Shutdown and finish funding. Billions of Dollars, &amp, lives, will be saved!
Christmas Eve briefing with my team working on NoI am all alone (poor me) in the White House waiting for the Democrats to come back and make a deal on desperately needed Border Security. At some point the Democrats not wanting to make a deal will cost our Country more money than the Border Wall we are all talking about. Crazy!
Saudi Arabia has now agreed to spend the necessary money needed to help rebuild Syria, instead of the United States. See? Isn’t it nice when immensely wealthy countries help rebuild their neighbors rather than a Great Country, the U.S., that is 5000 miles away. Thanks to Saudi A!
The Wall is different than the 25 Billion Dollars in Border Security. The complete Wall will be built with the Shutdown money plus funds already in hand. The repoI never “lashed out” at the Acting Attorney General of the U.S., a man for whom I have great respect. This is a made up story, one of many, by the Fake News Media!
The only problem our economy has is the Fed. They don’t have a feel for the Market, they don’t understand necessary Trade Wars or Strong Dollars or even Democrat Shutdowns over Borders. The Fed is like a powerful golfer who can’t score because he has no touch - he can’t putt!
AMERICA IS RESPECTED AGAIN!
For all of the sympathizers out there of Brett McGurk remember, he was the Obama appointee who was responsible for loading up airplanes with 1.8 Billion Dollars in CASH &amp, sending it to Iran as pa....We are substantially subsidizing the Militaries of many VERY rich countries all over the world, while at the same time these countries take total advantage of the U.S., and our TAXPAYERS, on Trade. General Mattis did not see this as a problem. I DO, and it is being fixed!
To those few Senators who think I don’t like or appreciate being allied with other countries, they are wrong, I DO. What I don’t like, however, is when many of these same countries take advantage of their friendship with the United States, both in Military Protection and Trade...
ViPresident @“The President has been remarkable. I do not doubt that he will thrive in this new environment, and he will be a constant reminder of what populism is.” Thank you to Tammy Bruce and Steve Hilton. Presidential Harassment has been with me from the beginning!
The most impoMitch McConnell just told a group of people, and me, that he has been in the U.S. Senate for 32 years and the last two have been by far the best &amp, most productive of his career. Tax &amp, Regulation Cuts, VA Choice, Farm Bill, Criminal Justice Reform, Judgeships &amp, much more. Great!
“It should not be the job of America to replace regimes around the world. This is what President Trump recognized in Iraq, that it was the biggest foreign policy disaster of the last several decades, and he’s right...The generals still don’t get the mistake.” @RandPaul
Thanks @RandPaul “I am very proud of the President. This is exactly what he promised, and I think the people agree with him. We’ve been at war too long and in too many places...spent several trillion dollars on these wars everywhere. He’s different...that’s why he got elected.”
.....Bob Corker was responsible for giving us the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal, which I ended, yet he badmouths me for wanting to bring our young people safely back home. Bob wanted to run and asked for my endorsement. I said NO and the game was over. #MAGA I LOVE TENNESSEE!
Senator Bob Corker just stated that, “I’m so priveledged to serve in the Senate for twelve years, and that’s what I told the people of our state that’s what I’d do, serve for two terms.” But that is Not True - wanted to run but poll numbers TANKED when I wouldn’t endorse him.....
We signed two pieces of major legislation this week, Criminal Justice Reform and the Farm Bill. These are two Big Deals, but all the Fake News Media wants to talk about is “the mistake” of bringing our young people back home from the Never Ending Wars. It all began 19 years ago!
Unthinkable devastation from the tsunami disaster in Indonesia. More than two hundred dead and nearly a thousand injured or unaccounted for. We are praying for recovery and healing. America is with you!
I just had a long and productive call with President @I am pleased to announce that our very talented Deputy Secretary of Defense, Patrick Shanahan, will assume the title of Acting Secretary of Defense staAFTER TWO YEARS AND MILLIONS OF PAGES OF DOCUMENTS (and a cost of over $30,000,000), NO COLLUSION!
The only way to stop drugs, gangs, human trafficking, criminal elements and much else from coming into our Country is with a Wall or Barrier. Drones and all of the rest are wonderful and lots of fun, but it is only a good old fashioned Wall that works!
When President Obama ingloriously fired Jim Mattis, I gave him a second chance. Some thought I shouldn’t, I thought I should. Interesting relationship-but I also gave all of the resources that he never really had. Allies are very impoIf anybody but your favorite President, Donald J. Trump, announced that, after decimating ISIS in Syria, we were going to bring our troops back home (happy &amp, healthy), that person would be the most popular hero in America. With me, hit hard instead by the Fake News Media. Crazy!
Brett McGurk, who I do not know, was appointed by President Obama in 2015. Was supposed to leave in February but he just resigned prior to leaving. Grandstander? The Fake News is making such a big deal about this nothing event!
I will not be going to Florida because of the Shutdown - Staying in the White House! #MAGA
Senate adjourns until December 27th.
I won an election, said to be one of the greatest of all time, based on getting out of endless &amp, costly foreign wars &amp, also based on Strong Borders which will keep our Country safe. We fight for the borders of other countries, but we won’t fight for the borders of our own!
The crisis of illegal activity at our Southern Border is real and will not stop until we build a great Steel Barrier or Wall. Let work begin!
Will be having lunch in White House residence with large group concerning Border Security.
....going to be there for three months, and that was seven years ago - we never left. When I became President, ISIS was going wild. Now ISIS is largely defeated and other local countries, including Turkey, should be able to easily take care of whatever remains. We’re coming home!
Today, it was my great honor to sign the #FirstStepAct - a monumental bi-paI’ve done more damage to ISIS than all recent presidents....not even close!
The Democrats now own the shutdown!
General Anthony Tata, author, “Dark Winter.” I think the President is making the exact right move in Syria. All the geniuses who are protesting the withdrawal of troops from Syria are the same geniuses who cooked the books on ISIS intelligence and gave rise to ISIS.”
There has never been a president who has been tougher (but fair) on China or Russia - Never, just look at the facts. The Fake News tries so hard to paint the opposite picture.
Thank you @SteveDaines for being willing to go with the so-called nuclear option in order to win on DESPERATELY NEEDED Border Security! Have my total suppoMitch, use the Nuclear Option and get it done! Our Country is counting on you!
Even President Ronald Reagan tried for 8 years to build a Border Wall, or Fence, and was unable to do so. Others also have tried. We will get it done, one way or the other!
Shutdown today if Democrats do not vote for Border Security!
House Republican Vote, 217-185.
"The Democrats, whose votes we need in the Senate, will probably vote against Border Security and the Wall even though they know it is DESPERATELY NEEDED. If the Dems vote no, there will be a shutdown that will last for a very long time. People don’t want Open Borders and Crime!
No matter what happens today in the Senate, Republican House Members should be very proud of themselves. They flew back to Washington from all paLooking forward to being with the Bush Family to pay my respects to President George H.W. Bush.
.....on a Border is only effective in conjunction with a Wall. Properly designed and built Walls work, and the Democrats are lying when they say they don’t. In Israel the Wall is 99.9% successful. Will not be any different on our Southern Border! Hundreds of $Billions saved!
The Democrats are trying to belittle the concept of a Wall, calling it old fashioned. The fact is there is nothing else’s that will work, and that has been true for thousands of years. It’s like the wheel, there is nothing better. I know tech better than anyone, &amp, technology.....
Senator Mitch McConnell should fight for the Wall and Border Security as hard as he fought for anything. He will need Democrat votes, but as shown in the House, good things happen. If enough Dems don’t vote, it will be a Democrat Shutdown! House Republicans were great yesterday!
Soon to be Speaker Nancy Pelosi said, last week live from the Oval Office, that the Republicans didn’t have the votes for Border Security. Today the House Republicans voted and won, 217-185. Nancy does not have to apologize. All I want is GREAT BORDER SECURITY!
Thank you to our GREAT Republican Members of Congress for your VOTE to fund Border Security and the Wall. The final numbers were 217-185 and many have said that the enthusiasm was greater than they have ever seen before. So proud of you all. Now on to the Senate!
....equipment. General Mattis was a great help to me in getting allies and other countries to pay their share of military obligations. A new Secretary of Defense will be named shoGeneral Jim Mattis will be retiring, with distinction, at the end of February, after having served my Administration as Secretary of Defense for the past two years. During Jim’s tenure, tremendous progress has been made, especially with respect to the purchase of new fighting....
So hard to believe that Lindsey Graham would be against saving soldier lives &amp, billions of $$$. Why are we fighting for our enemy, Syria, by staying &amp, killing ISIS for them, Russia, Iran &amp, other locals? Time to focus on our Country &amp, bring our youth back home where they belong!
Congress just passed the Criminal Justice Reform Bill known as the #FirstStepAct. Congratulations! This is a great bi-paWhen I begrudgingly signed the Omnibus Bill, I was promised the Wall and Border Security by leadership. Would be done by end of year (NOW). It didn’t happen! We foolishly fight for Border Security for other countries - but not for our beloved U.S.A. Not good!
With so much talk about the Wall, people are losing sight of the great job being done on our Southern Border by Border Patrol, ICE and our great Military. Remember the Caravans? Well, they didn’t get through and none are forming or on their way. Border is tight. Fake News silent!
The Democrats, who know Steel Slats (Wall) are necessary for Border Security, are putting politics over Country. What they are just beginning to realize is that I will not sign any of their legislation, including infrastructure, unless it has perfect Border Security. U.S.A. WINS!
....Russia, Iran, Syria &amp, many others are not happy about the U.S. leaving, despite what the Fake News says, because now they will have to fight ISIS and others, who they hate, without us. I am building by far the most powerful military in the world. ISIS hits us they are doomed!
Does the USA want to be the Policeman of the Middle East, getting NOTHING but spending precious lives and trillions of dollars protecting others who, in almost all cases, do not appreciate what we are doing? Do we want to be there forever? Time for others to finally fight.....
Getting out of Syria was no surprise. I’ve been campaigning on it for years, and six months ago, when I very publicly wanted to do it, I agreed to stay longer. Russia, Iran, Syria &amp, others are the local enemy of ISIS. We were doing there work. Time to come home &amp, rebuild. #MAGA
“I’m proud of the President today to hear that he is declaring victory in Syria.” Senator Rand Paul. “I couldn’t agree more with the presidents decision. By definition, this is the opposite of an Obama decision. Senator Mike Lee
“Trump gets no credit for what he’s done in the Middle East.” @IngrahamAngle So true, thank you Laura!
Col. Jim Carafano on @IngrahamAngle “Trump has made the Middle East a better place. When Trump came into office, ISIS was running amuck in the Middle East. Over a million refugees poured into Western Europe - none of that is happening today. That’s all due to Trump.”
....In any event, it goes on and on &amp, the new AG, who is now being replaced by yet another AG (who openly campaigned on a GET TRUMP agenda), does little else but rant, rave &amp, politic against me. Will never be treated fairly by these people - a total double standard of “justice.”
...sleazebag AG Eric Schneiderman, who has since resigned over horrific women abuse, when I wanted to close the Foundation so as not to be in conflict with politics. Shady Eric was head of New Yorkers for Clinton, and refused to even look at the corrupt Clinton Foundation......
The Trump Foundation has done great work and given away lots of money, both mine and others, to great charities over the years - with me taking NO fees, rent, salaries etc. Now, as usual, I am getting slammed by Cuomo and the Dems in a long running civil lawsuit staWe have defeated ISIS in Syria, my only reason for being there during the Trump Presidency.
Mexico is paying (indirectly) for the Wall through the new USMCA, the replacement for NAFTA! Far more money coming to the U.S. Because of the tremendous dangers at the Border, including large scale criminal and drug inflow, the United States Military will build the Wall!
In our Country, so much money has been poured down the drain, for so many years, but when it comes to Border Security and the Military, the Democrats fight to the death. We won on the Military, which is being completely rebuilt. One way or the other, we will win on the Wall!
In our Country, so much money has been poured down the drain, for so many years, but the Democrats fight us like cats and dogs when it comes to spending on Boarder Security (including a Wall) and the Military. We won on the Military, it is being completely rebuilt. We will win...
....This will keep our communities safer, and provide hope and a second chance, to those who earn it. In addition to everything else, billions of dollars will be saved. I look forward to signing this into law!
America is the greatest Country in the world and my job is to fight for ALL citizens, even those who have made mistakes. Congratulations to the Senate on the bi-pa....It will be beautiful and, at the same time, give our Country the security that our citizens deserve. It will go up fast and save us BILLIONS of dollars a month once completed!
Michael Isikoff was the first to repo....WILL NEVER BE PROVEN AND ARE LIKELY FALSE.” Thank you to Michael Isikoff, Yahoo, for honesty. What this means is that the FISA WARRANTS and the whole Russian Witch Hunt is a Fraud and a Hoax which should be ended immediately. Also, it was paid for by Crooked Hillary &amp, DNC!
Russia Dossier repoIllegal immigration costs the United States more than 200 Billion Dollars a year. How was this allowed to happen?
Facebook, Twitter and Google are so biased toward the Dems it is ridiculous! Twitter, in fact, has made it much more difficult for people to join @realDonaldTrump. They have removed many names &amp, greatly slowed the level and speed of increase. They have acknowledged-done NOTHING!
I hope the people over at the Fed will read today’s Wall Street Journal Editorial before they make yet another mistake. Also, don’t let the market become any more illiquid than it already is. Stop with the 50 B’s. Feel the market, don’t just go by meaningless numbers. Good luck!
Good luck today in couBiggest outrage yet in the long, winding and highly conflicted Mueller Witch Hunt is the fact that 19,000 demanded Text messages between Peter Strzok and his FBI lover, Lisa Page, were purposely &amp, illegally deleted. Would have explained whole Hoax, which is now under protest!
Today I am making good on my promise to defend our Farmers &amp, Ranchers from unjustified trade retaliation by foreign nations. I have authorized Secretary Perdue to implement the 2nd round of Market Facilitation Payments. Our economy is stronger than ever–we stand with our Farmers!
Anytime you hear a Democrat saying that you can have good Border Security without a Wall, write them off as just another politician following the paIt is incredible that with a very strong dollar and viAnytime you hear a Democrat saying that you can have good Boarder Security without a Wall, write them off as just another politician following the paThe DEDUCTIBLE which comes with ObamaCare is so high that it is practically not even useable! Hu....The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax, sta....a persecution of the President.” Daniel Henninger, The Wall Street Journal. Thank you, people are sta“It looks here as though General Flynn’s defenses are incidental to something larger which is for the prosecution to figure out if it can find a path to Donald Trump without quite knowing what that crime might be. It stops looking like prosecution and more looking like......
Required television watching is last weeks @maRequired television watching is last weeks @maThe Democrats policy of Child Seperation on the Border during the Obama Administration was far worse than the way we handle it now. Remember the 2014 picture of children in cages - the Obama years. However, if you don’t separate, FAR more people will come. Smugglers use the kids!
Judge Ken Starr, former Solicitor Generel &amp, Independent Counsel, just stated that, after two years, “there is no evidence or proof of collusion” &amp, fuAt the request of many, I will be reviewing the case of a “U.S. Military hero,” Major Matt Golsteyn, who is charged with murder. He could face the death penalty from our own government after he admitted to killing a Terrorist bomb maker while overseas. @PeteHegseth @FoxNews
Remember, Michael Cohen only became a “Rat” after the FBI did something which was absolutely unthinkable &amp, unheard of until the Witch Hunt was illegally staSo where are all the missing Text messages between fired FBI agents Peter S and the lovely Lisa Page, his lover. Just repoA REAL scandal is the one sided coverage, hour by hour, of networks like NBC &amp, Democrat spin machines like Saturday Night Live. It is all nothing less than unfair news coverage and Dem commercials. Should be tested in couWow, 19,000 Texts between Lisa Page and her lover, Peter S of the FBI, in charge of the Russia Hoax, were just repoThe pathetic and dishonest Weekly Standard, run by failed prognosticator Bill Kristol (who, like many others, never had a clue), is flat broke and out of business. Too bad. May it rest in peace!
Never in the history of our Country has the “press” been more dishonest than it is today. Stories that should be good, are bad. Stories that should be bad, are horrible. Many stories, like with the REAL story on Russia, Clinton &amp, the DNC, seldom get repo.......The Trump Administration will be announcing the new Secretary of the Interior next week.
Secretary of the Interior @RyanZinke will be leaving the Administration at the end of the year after having served for a period of almost two years. Ryan has accomplished much during his tenure and I want to thank him for his service to our Nation.......
Wow, but not surprisingly, ObamaCare was just ruled UNCONSTITUTIONAL by a highly respected judge in Texas. Great news for America!
As I predicted all along, Obamacare has been struck down as an UNCONSTITUTIONAL disaster! Now Congress must pass a STRONG law that provides GREAT healthcare and protects pre-existing conditions. Mitch and Nancy, get it done!
For the record, there were MANY people who wanted to be the White House Chief of Staff. Mick M will do a GREAT job!
....I look forward to working with him in this new capacity as we continue to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! John will be staying until the end of the year. He is a GREAT PATRIOT and I want to personally thank him for his service!
I am pleased to announce that Mick Mulvaney, Director of the Office of Management &amp, Budget, will be named Acting White House Chief of Staff, replacing General John Kelly, who has served our Country with distinction. Mick has done an outstanding job while in the Administration....
....Kim Jong Un sees it better than anyone and will fully take advantage of it for his people. We are doing just fine!
Many people have asked how we are doing in our negotiations with NoChina just announced that their economy is growing much slower than anticipated because of our Trade War with them. They have just suspended U.S. Tariff Hikes. U.S. is doing very well. China wants to make a big and very comprehensive deal. It could happen, and rather soon!
China just announce the there economy is growing much slower than anticipated because of our Trade War with them. They have just suspended U.S. Tariff Hikes. U.S. is doing very well. China wants to make a big and very comprehensive deal. It could happen, and rather soon!
Happy 382nd BiJust did an interview with @HARRISFAULKNER on @FoxNews, airing now (1pmE.) Enjoy!
....She will probably be given a pass, despite their terrible ratings. Congratulations to @RichardGrenell, our great Ambassador to Germany, for having the courage to take this horrible issue on!
If it was a Conservative that said what “crazed” Mika Brzezinski stated on her show yesterday, using a ceThey gave General Flynn a great deal because they were embarrassed by the way he was treated - the FBI said he didn’t lie and they overrode the FBI. They want to scare everybody into making up stories that are not true by catching them in the smallest of misstatements. Sad!......
....guilty even on a civil basis. Those charges were just agreed to by him in order to embarrass the president and get a much reduced prison sentence, which he did-including the fact that his family was temporarily let off the hook. As a lawyer, Michael has great liability to me!
....guilty even on a civil bases. Those charges were just agreed to by him in order to embarrass the president and get a much reduced prison sentence, which he did-including the fact that his family was temporarily let off the hook. As a lawyer, Michael has great liability to me!
....stated that I did nothing wrong with respect to campaign finance laws, if they even apply, because this was not campaign finance. Cohen was guilty on many charges unrelated to me, but he plead to two campaign charges which were not criminal and of which he probably was not...
I never directed Michael Cohen to break the law. He was a lawyer and he is supposed to know the law. It is called “advice of counsel,” and a lawyer has great liability if a mistake is made. That is why they get paid. Despite that many campaign finance lawyers have strongly......
I often stated, “One way or the other, Mexico is going to pay for the Wall.” This has never changed. Our new deal with Mexico (and Canada), the USMCA, is so much better than the old, very costly &amp, anti-USA NAFTA deal, that just by the money we save, MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL!
.@FLOTUS Melania will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight on @FoxNews at 9:00pmE!
The Democrats and President Obama gave Iran 150 Billion Dollars and got nothing, but they can’t give 5 Billion Dollars for National Security and a Wall?
Another very bad terror attack in France. We are going to strengthen our borders even more. Chuck and Nancy must give us the votes to get additional Border Security!
Thanks to Leader McConnell for agreeing to bring a Senate vote on Criminal Justice this week! These historic changes will make communities SAFER and SAVE tremendous taxpayers dollars. It brings much needed hope to many families during the Holiday Season.
“I don’t care what you think of the President...it cannot bleed over to the FBI...Comey is confirming there is bias in the FBI...” -Chris Swecker
James Comey just totally exposed his paBob Mueller (who is a much different man than people think) and his out of control band of Angry Democrats, don’t want the truth, they only want lies. The truth is very bad for their mission!
Fake News has it purposely wrong. Many, over ten, are vying for and wanting the White House Chief of Staff position. Why wouldn’t someone want one of the truly great and meaningful jobs in Washington. Please repoVery productive conversations going on with China! Watch for some impoGreat job by Michael Anton on @foxandfriends. A true National Security expe....People do not yet realize how much of the Wall, including really effective renovation, has already been built. If the Democrats do not give us the votes to secure our Country, the Military will build the remaining sections of the Wall. They know how impo.....I look forward to my meeting with Chuck Schumer &amp, Nancy Pelosi. In 2006, Democrats voted for a Wall, and they were right to do so. Today, they no longer want Border Security. They will fight it at all cost, and Nancy must get votes for Speaker. But the Wall will get built...
....however, for strictly political reasons and because they have been pulled so far left, do NOT want Border Security. They want Open Borders for anyone to come in. This brings large scale crime and disease. Our Southern Border is now Secure and will remain that way.......
.....Ice, Border Patrol and our Military have done a FANTASTIC job of securing our Southern Border. A Great Wall would be, however, a far easier &amp, less expensive solution. We have already built large new sections &amp, fully renovated others, making them like new. The Democrats,.....
Despite the large Caravans that WERE forming and heading to our Country, people have not been able to get through our newly built Walls, makeshift Walls &amp, Fences, or Border Patrol Officers &amp, Military. They are now staying in Mexico or going back to their original countries.......
“Former FBI Director James Comey under fire for his testimony acknowledging he knew that the Democrats paid for that phony Trump Dossier.” @LouDobbs Details on Tuesday night.
James Comey’s behind closed doors testimony reveals that “there was not evidence of Campaign Collusion” with Russia when he left the FBI. In other words, the Witch Hunt is illegal and should never have been sta....which it was not (but even if it was, it is only a CIVIL CASE, like Obama’s - but it was done correctly by a lawyer and there would not even be a fine. Lawyer’s liability if he made a mistake, not me). Cohen just trying to get his sentence reduced. WITCH HUNT!
“Democrats can’t find a Smocking Gun tying the Trump campaign to Russia after James Comey’s testimony. No Smocking Gun...No Collusion.” @FoxNews That’s because there was NO COLLUSION. So now the Dems go to a simple private transaction, wrongly call it a campaign contribution,...
I am in the process of interviewing some really great people for the position of White House Chief of Staff. Fake News has been saying with ceThe Trump Administration has accomplished more than any other U.S. Administration in its first two (not even) years of existence, &amp, we are having a great time doing it! All of this despite the Fake News Media, which has gone totally out of its mind-truly the Enemy of the People!
Leakin’ James Comey must have set a record for who lied the most to Congress in one day. His Friday testimony was so untruthful! This whole deal is a Rigged Fraud headed up by dishonest people who would do anything so that I could not become President. They are now exposed!
On 245 occasions, former FBI Director James Comey told House investigators he didn’t know, didn’t recall, or couldn’t remember things when asked. Opened investigations on 4 Americans (not 2) - didn’t know who signed off and didn’t know Christopher Steele. All lies!
Great honor to be headed to the Army-Navy game today. Will be there sho....left and right, he then woke up from his dream screaming that HE LIED. Next time I go to Vietnam I will ask “the Dick” to travel with me!
Watched Da Nang Dick Blumenthal on television spewing facts almost as accurate as his bravery in Vietnam (which he never saw). As the bullets whizzed by Da Nang Dicks head, as he was saving soldiers....
Very sad day &amp, night in Paris. Maybe it’s time to end the ridiculous and extremely expensive Paris Agreement and return money back to the people in the form of lower taxes? The U.S. was way ahead of the curve on that and the only major country where emissions went down last year!
“This is collusion illusion, there is no smoking gun here. At this late date, after all that we have gone through, after millions have been spent, we have no Russian Collusion. There is nothing impeachable here.” @GeraldoRivera Time for the Witch Hunt to END!
....I am thankful to both of these incredible men for their service to our Country! Date of transition to be determined.
I am pleased to announce my nomination of four-star General Mark Milley, Chief of Staff of the United States Army – as the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, replacing General Joe Dunford, who will be retiring....
The idea of a European Military didn’t work out too well in W.W. I or 2. But the U.S. was there for you, and always will be. All we ask is that you pay your fair share of NATO. Germany is paying 1% while the U.S. pays 4.3% of a much larger GDP - to protect Europe. Fairness!
....his wife and father-in-law (who has the money?) off Scott Free. He lied for this outcome and should, in my opinion, serve a full and complete sentence.
The Paris Agreement isn’t working out so well for Paris. Protests and riots all over France. People do not want to pay large sums of money, much to third world countries (that are questionably run), in order to maybe protect the environment. Chanting “We Want Trump!” Love France.
Totally clears the President. Thank you!
It is being repoHopefully Mitch McConnell will ask for a VOTE on Criminal Justice Reform. It is extremely popular and has strong bipaMike Pompeo is doing a great job, I am very proud of him. His predecessor, Rex Tillerson, didn’t have the mental capacity needed. He was dumb as a rock and I couldn’t get rid of him fast enough. He was lazy as hell. Now it is a whole new ballgame, great spirit at State!
....and one of the most highly respected lawyers and legal minds in the Country, he will be a great addition to our team. I look forward to having him join our very successful Administration!
I am pleased to announce that I will be nominating The Honorable William P. Barr for the position of Attorney General of the United States. As the former AG for George H.W. Bush....
It has been incorrectly repo...the lying and leaking by the people doing the Repo....Foundation be listed at the top of the Repo.....ove....Will RobeRobeArizona, together with our Military and Border Patrol, is bracing for a massive surge at a NON-WALLED area. WE WILL NOT LET THEM THROUGH. Big danger. Nancy and Chuck must approve Boarder Security and the Wall!
FAKE NEWS - THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Trish_Regan: “Did the FBI follow protocol to obtain the FISA warrant? I don’t think so. The Dossier was opposition research funded by opponents. Don’t use Government resources to take down political foes. Weaponizing Government for gain.” Is this really America? Witch Hunt!
Jerome Corsi: ”This is not justice, this is not America. This is a political prosecution. The Special Prosecutor (Counsel), to get this plea deal, demanded I lie and violate the law. They’re the criminals.” He is not alone. 17 Angry Dems. People forced to lie. Sad! @Trish_Regan
Statement from China: “The teams of both sides are now having smooth communications and good cooperation with each other. We are full of confidence that an agreement can be reached within the next 90 days.” I agree!
Does the Fake News Media ever mention the fact that Republicans, with the very impoMississippi, Vote for @cindyhydesmith on Tuesday. Respected by all. We need her in Washington!. Thanks!
Doug Wead, a truly great presidential historian, had a wonderful take on a very beautiful moment in history, the funeral service today of President Bush. Doug was able to brilliantly cover some very impoHopefully OPEC will be keeping oil flows as is, not restricted. The World does not want to see, or need, higher oil prices!
Looking forward to being with the Bush family. This is not a funeral, this is a day of celebration for a great man who has led a long and distinguished life. He will be missed!
.....considered to be the worst and most dangerous, addictive and deadly substance of them all. Last year over 77,000 people died from Fentanyl. If China cracks down on this “horror drug,” using the Death Penalty for distributors and pushers, the results will be incredible!
One of the very exciting things to come out of my meeting with President Xi of China is his promise to me to criminalize the sale of deadly Fentanyl coming into the United States. It will now be considered a “controlled substance.” This could be a game changer on what is.......
Very strong signals being sent by China once they returned home from their long trip, including stops, from Argentina. Not to sound naive or anything, but I believe President Xi meant every word of what he said at our long and hopefully historic meeting. ALL subjects discussed!
.....China had agreed to sta“China officially echoed President Donald Trump’s optimism over bilateral trade talks. Chinese officials have begun preparing to resta.....China does not want Tariffs!
We are either going to have a REAL DEAL with China, or no deal at all - at which point we will be charging major Tariffs against Chinese product being shipped into the United States. Ultimately, I believe, we will be making a deal - either now or into the future....
....in the world. I want clean air and clean water and have been making great strides in improving America’s environment. But American taxpayers – and American workers – shouldn’t pay to clean up others countries’ pollution.
I am glad that my friend @EmmanuelMacron and the protestors in Paris have agreed with the conclusion I reached two years ago. The Paris Agreement is fatally flawed because it raises the price of energy for responsible countries while whitewashing some of the worst polluters....
Could somebody please explain to the Democrats (we need their votes) that our Country losses 250 Billion Dollars a year on illegal immigration, not including the terrible drug flow. Top Border Security, including a Wall, is $25 Billion. Pays for itself in two months. Get it done!
.....But if a fair deal is able to be made with China, one that does all of the many things we know must be finally done, I will happily sign. Let the negotiations begin. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....I am a Tariff Man. When people or countries come in to raid the great wealth of our Nation, I want them to pay for the privilege of doing so. It will always be the best way to max out our economic power. We are right now taking in $billions in Tariffs. MAKE AMERICA RICH AGAIN
......on seeing whether or not a REAL deal with China is actually possible. If it is, we will get it done. China is supposed to staThe negotiations with China have already staLooking forward to being with the wonderful Bush family at Blair House today. The former First Lady will be coming over to the White House this morning to be given a tour of the Christmas decorations by Melania. The elegance &amp, precision of the last two days have been remarkable!
Congratulations to newly inaugurated Mexican President @lopezobrador_. He had a tremendous political victory with the great suppoGREAT JOBS REPO“I will never testify against Trump.” This statement was recently made by Roger Stone, essentially stating that he will not be forced by a rogue and out of control prosecutor to make up lies and stories about “President Trump.” Nice to know that some people still have “guts!”
“Michael Cohen asks judge for no Prison Time.” You mean he can do all of the TERRIBLE, unrelated to Trump, things having to do with fraud, big loans, Taxis, etc., and not serve a long prison term? He makes up stories to get a GREAT &amp, ALREADY reduced deal for himself, and get.....
We would save Billions of Dollars if the Democrats would give us the votes to build the Wall. Either way, people will NOT be allowed into our Country illegally! We will close the entire Southern Border if necessary. Also, STOP THE DRUGS!
I am cePresident Xi and I have a very strong and personal relationship. He and I are the only two people that can bring about massive and very positive change, on trade and far beyond, between our two great Nations. A solution for NoFarmers will be a a very BIG and FAST beneficiary of our deal with China. They intend to staMy meeting in Argentina with President Xi of China was an extraordinary one. Relations with China have taken a BIG leap forward! Very good things will happen. We are dealing from great strength, but China likewise has much to gain if and when a deal is completed. Level the field!
China has agreed to reduce and remove tariffs on cars coming into China from the U.S. Currently the tariff is 40%.
....However, out of respect for the Bush Family and former President George H.W. Bush we will wait until after the funeral to have a press conference.
I was very much looking forward to having a press conference just prior to leaving Argentina because we have had such great success in our dealing with various countries and their leaders at the G20....
President George H.W. Bush led a long, successful and beautiful life. Whenever I was with him I saw his absolute joy for life and true pride in his family. His accomplishments were great from beginning to end. He was a truly wonderful man and will be missed by all!
Watch @seanhannity on @FoxNews NOW. Enjoy!
Great reviews on the USMCA - sooo much better than NAFTA!
To the Great people of Alaska. You have been hit hard by a “big one.” Please follow the directions of the highly trained professionals who are there to help you. Your Federal Government will spare no expense. God Bless you ALL!
....Lightly looked at doing a building somewhere in Russia. Put up zero money, zero guarantees and didn’t do the project. Witch Hunt!
Oh, I get it! I am a very good developer, happily living my life, when I see our Country going in the wrong direction (to put it mildly). Against all odds, I decide to run for President &amp, continue to run my business-very legal &amp, very cool, talked about it on the campaign trail...
As RNC Chair Ronna McDaniel oversaw history defying gains in the Senate and unprecedented fundraising strength. I have asked her to serve another term for my 2020 re-elect, because there is no one better for the job!
With all of the new books coming out you can't forget two of the great originals written by @GreggJarrett and @JudgeJeanine Pirro. Their books both went to #1. Go get them now, the phony Witch Hunt is well explained!
".@DBongino’s new book, "Spygate: The Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump," is terrific. He's tough, he's sma....They have really done a great job in capturing my long-held views and ideas. This book is on sale now - a terrific read of a really interesting subject!
.@StephenMoore and A.@SteveScalise has written an absolutely fascinating book (BACK IN THE GAME) on the world of D.C. politics, and more. He has experienced so much, in a sho....in Argentina with President Vladimir Putin. I look forward to a meaningful Summit again as soon as this situation is resolved!
Based on the fact that the ships and sailors have not been returned to Ukraine from Russia, I have decided it would be best for all paBillions of Dollars are pouring into the coffers of the U.S.A. because of the Tariffs being charged to China, and there is a long way to go. If companies don’t want to pay Tariffs, build in the U.S.A. Otherwise, lets just make our Country richer than ever before!
When will this illegal Joseph McCaDid you ever see an investigation more in search of a crime? At the same time Mueller and the Angry Democrats aren’t even looking at the atrocious, and perhaps subversive, crimes that were committed by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. A total disgrace!
General Motors is very counter to what other auto, and other, companies are doing. Big Steel is opening and renovating plants all over the country. Auto companies are pouring into the U.S., including BMW, which just announced a major new plant. The U.S.A. is booming!
So much happening with the now discredited Witch Hunt. This total Hoax will be studied for years!
Sebastian Gorka, a very talented man who I got to know well while he was working at the White House, has just written an excellent book, “Why We Fight.” Much will be learned from this very good read!
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and the entire Trump family, I want to wish you all a very MERRY CHRISTMAS! May this Christmas Season bring peace to your heaSteel Dynamics announced that it will build a brand new 3 million ton steel mill in the Southwest that will create 600 good-paying U.S. JOBS. Steel JOBS are coming back to America, just like I predicted. Congratulations to Steel Dynamics!
.....and G.M. would not be closing their plants in Ohio, Michigan &amp, Maryland. Get smaThe reason that the small truck business in the U.S. is such a go to favorite is that, for many years, Tariffs of 25% have been put on small trucks coming into our country. It is called the “chicken tax.” If we did that with cars coming in, many more cars would be built here.....
While the disgusting Fake News is doing everything within their power not to repoCongratulations to Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith on your big WIN in the Great State of Mississippi. We are all very proud of you!
Brenda Snipes, in charge of voting in Broward County, Florida, was just spotted wearing a beautiful dress with 300 I VOTED signs on it. Just kidding, she is a fine, very honorable and highly respected voting tactician!
The Mueller Witch Hunt is a total disgrace. They are looking at supposedly stolen Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails (even though they don’t want to look at the DNC Server), but have no interest in the Emails that Hillary DELETED &amp, acid washed AFTER getting a Congressional Subpoena!
....for electric cars. General Motors made a big China bet years ago when they built plants there (and in Mexico) - don’t think that bet is going to pay off. I am here to protect America’s Workers!
Very disappointed with General Motors and their CEO, Mary Barra, for closing plants in Ohio, Michigan and Maryland. Nothing being closed in Mexico &amp, China. The U.S. saved General Motors, and this is the THANKS we get! We are now looking at cutting all @GM subsidies, including....
Polls are open in Mississippi. We need Cindy Hyde-Smith in Washington. GO OUT AND VOTE. Thanks!
....terrible Gang of Angry Democrats. Look at their past, and look where they come from. The now $30,000,000 Witch Hunt continues and they’ve got nothing but ruined lives. Where is the Server? Let these terrible people go back to the Clinton Foundation and “Justice” Depa....The Fake News Media builds Bob Mueller up as a Saint, when in actuality he is the exact opposite. He is doing TREMENDOUS damage to our Criminal Justice System, where he is only looking at one side and not the other. Heroes will come of this, and it won’t be Mueller and his...
The Phony Witch Hunt continues, but Mueller and his gang of Angry Dems are only looking at one side, not the other. Wait until it comes out how horribly &amp, viciously they are treating people, ruining lives for them refusing to lie. Mueller is a conflicted prosecutor gone rogue....
....staBrad Raffensperger will be a fantastic Secretary of State for Georgia - will work closely with @BrianKempGA. It is really impo....and false way. Something has to be done, including the possibility of the United States staWhile CNN doesn’t do great in the United States based on ratings, outside of the U.S. they have very little competition. Throughout the world, CNN has a powerful voice poOn the ten-year anniversary of the Mumbai terror attack, the U.S. stands with the people of India in their quest for justice. The attack killed 166 innocents, including six Americans. We will never let terrorists win, or even come close to winning!
....hundreds of people closely involved with my campaign who never met, saw or spoke to a Russian during this period? So many campaign workers, people inside from the beginning, ask me why they have not been called (they want to be). There was NO Collusion &amp, Mueller knows it!
When Mueller does his final repoMexico should move the flag waving Migrants, many of whom are stone cold criminals, back to their countries. Do it by plane, do it by bus, do it anyway you want, but they are NOT coming into the U.S.A. We will close the Border permanently if need be. Congress, fund the WALL!
....children from parents, as did Bush etc., because that is the policy and law. I tried to keep them together but the problem is, when you do that, vast numbers of additional people storm the Border. So with Obama seperation is fine, but with Trump it’s not. Fake 60 Minutes!
.@60Minutes did a phony story about child separation when they know we had the exact same policy as the Obama Administration. In fact a picture of children in jails was used by other Fake Media to show how bad (cruel) we are, but it was in 2014 during O years. Obama separated....
I’m draining the Swamp, and the Swamp is trying to fight back. Don’t worry, we will win!
Clinton Foundation donations drop 42% - which shows that they illegally played the power game. They monetized their political influence through the Foundation. “During her tenure the State DepaEurope has to pay their fair share for Military Protection. The European Union, for many years, has taken advantage of us on Trade, and then they don’t live up to their Military commitment through NATO. Things must change fast!
General Anthony Tata: “President Trump is a man of his word &amp, he said he was going to be tough on the Border, and he is tough on the Border. He has rightfully strengthened the Border in the face of an unprecedented threat. It’s the right move by President Trump.” Thanks General!
So great that oil prices are falling (thank you President T). Add that, which is like a big Tax Cut, to our other good Economic news. Inflation down (are you listening Fed)!
Would be very SMAThe large and violent French protests don’t take into account how badly the United States has been treated on Trade by the European Union or on fair and reasonable payments for our GREAT military protection. Both of these topics must be remedied soon.
I will be in GulfpoVictor Davis Hanson was a very good and interesting guest of Mark Levin on @FoxNews. He wrote a highly touted book called “The Second World Wars” and a new book will soon be coming out called “The Case For Trump.” Recommend both. @marklevinshow
....All will stay in Mexico. If for any reason it becomes necessary, we will CLOSE our Southern Border. There is no way that the United States will, after decades of abuse, put up with this costly and dangerous situation anymore!
Migrants at the Southern Border will not be allowed into the United States until their claims are individually approved in cou"I am extremely happy and proud of the job being done by @USTreasury Secretary @StevenMnuchin1. The FAKE NEWS likes to write stories to the contrary, quoting phony sources or jealous people, but they aren’t true. They never like to ask me for a quote b/c it would kill their story.
Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipaReally good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipaRepublicans and Democrats MUST come together, finally, with a major Border Security package, which will include funding for the Wall. After 40 years of talk, it is finally time for action. Fix the Border, for once and for all, NOW!
Our highly trained security professionals are not allowed to do their job on the Border because of the Judicial Activism and Interference by the 9th Circuit. NeveThis is the coldest weather in the history of the Thanksgiving Day Parade in NYC, and one of the coldest Thanksgivings on record!
Will be speaking with our great military in different pa....and Safety at the Border, or anywhere else. They know nothing about it and are making our Country unsafe. Our great Law Enforcement professionals MUST BE ALLOWED TO DO THEIR JOB! If not there will be only bedlam, chaos, injury and death. We want the Constitution as written!
Justice RobeHAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL!
Epstein all the way in Michigan House 11. She is a wonderful person and, at the same time, a real fighter. Has my Strong Endorsement!
“It’s a mean &amp, nasty world out there, the Middle East in paYou just can’t win with the Fake News Media. A big story today is that because I have pushed so hard and gotten Gasoline Prices so low, more people are driving and I have caused traffic jams throughout our Great Nation. Sorry everyone!
Brutal and Extended Cold Blast could shatter ALL RECORDS - Whatever happened to Global Warming?
“79% of these decisions have been oveNO COLLUSION - RIGGED WITCH HUNT!
There are a lot of CRIMINALS in the Caravan. We will stop them. Catch and Detain! Judicial Activism, by people who know nothing about security and the safety of our citizens, is putting our country in great danger. Not good!
“Thank you to President Trump on the Border. No American President has ever done this before.” Hector Garza, National Border Patrol Council
.....are so many opposing view (on Border and Safety) cases filed there, and why are a vast number of those cases oveSorry Chief Justice John RobeGreat new book out, “Mad Politics: Keeping Your Sanity in a World Gone Crazy” by @RealDrGina Loudon. Go out and get your copy today — a great read!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Oil prices getting lower. Great! Like a big Tax Cut for America and the World. Enjoy! $54, was just $82. Thank you to Saudi Arabia, but let’s go lower!
So-called comedian Michelle Wolf bombed so badly last year at the White House Correspondents’ Dinner that this year, for the first time in decades, they will have an author instead of a comedian. Good first step in comeback of a dying evening and tradition! Maybe I will go?
I hope the discovery and eventual recovery of the Argentine submarine San Juan brings needed closure to the wonderful families of those brave missing sailors. I look forward to hearing more from my friend President @MauricioMacri in Argentina later this month.
....We no longer pay Pakistan the $Billions because they would take our money and do nothing for us, Bin Laden being a prime example, Afghanistan being another. They were just one of many countries that take from the United States without giving anything in return. That’s ENDING!
Of course we should have captured Osama Bin Laden long before we did. I pointed him out in my book just BEFORE the attack on the World Trade Center. President Clinton famously missed his shot. We paid Pakistan Billions of Dollars &amp, they never told us he was living there. Fools!..
From day one Rick Scott never wavered. He was a great Governor and will be even a greater Senator in representing the People of Florida. Congratulations to Rick on having waged such a courageous and successful campaign!
Catch and Release is an obsolete term. It is now Catch and Detain. Illegal Immigrants trying to come into the U.S.A., often proudly flying the flag of their nation as they ask for U.S. Asylum, will be detained or turned away. Dems must approve Border Security &amp, Wall NOW!
The Mayor of Tijuana, Mexico, just stated that “the City is ill-prepared to handle this many migrants, the backlog could last 6 months.” Likewise, the U.S. is ill-prepared for this invasion, and will not stand for it. They are causing crime and big problems in Mexico. Go home!
So funny to see little Adam Schitt (D-CA) talking about the fact that Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker was not approved by the Senate, but not mentioning the fact that Bob Mueller (who is highly conflicted) was not approved by the Senate!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on @FoxNews at 2:00 P.M. and 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Heading to California with @GOPLeader Kevin McCa....I can’t imagine any President having a better or closer relationship with their Vice President then the two of us. Just more FAKE NEWS, the Enemy of the People!
The New York Times did a phony story, as usual, about my relationship with @VP Mike Pence. They made up sources and refused to ask me, the only one that would know, for a quote....
Congratulations to Andrew Gillum on having run a really tough and competitive race for Governor of the Great State of Florida. He will be a strong Democrat warrior long into the future - a force to reckon with!
....their country’s flag. Can this be possible? Yes, because it is all a BIG CON, and the American taxpayer is paying for it!
Isn’t it ironic that large Caravans of people are marching to our border wanting U.S.A. asylum because they are fearful of being in their country - yet they are proudly waving....
Congratulations to Brian Kemp on becoming the new Governor of Georgia. Stacey Abrams fought brilliantly and hard - she will have a terrific political future! Brian was unrelenting and will become a great Governor for the truly Wonderful People of Georgia!
Congratulations to Ron DeSantis on becoming the new Governor of Florida. Against all odds, he fought &amp, fought &amp, fought, the result being a historic victory. He never gave up and never will. He will be a great Governor!
The only “Collusion” is that of the Democrats with Russia and many others. Why didn’t the FBI take the Server from the DNC? They still don’t have it. Check out how biased Facebook, Google and Twitter are in favor of the Democrats. That’s the real Collusion!
Universities will someday study what highly conflicted (and NOT Senate approved) Bob Mueller and his gang of Democrat thugs have done to destroy people. Why is he protecting Crooked Hillary, Comey, McCabe, Lisa Page &amp, her lover, Peter S, and all of his friends on the other side?
....care how many lives the ruin. These are Angry People, including the highly conflicted Bob Mueller, who worked for Obama for 8 years. They won’t even look at all of the bad acts and crimes on the other side. A TOTAL WITCH HUNT LIKE NO OTHER IN AMERICAN HISTORY!
The inner workings of the Mueller investigation are a total mess. They have found no collusion and have gone absolutely nuts. They are screaming and shouting at people, horribly threatening them to come up with the answers they want. They are a disgrace to our Nation and don’t...
The White House is running very smoothly and the results for our Nation are obviously very good. We are the envy of the world. But anytime I even think about making changes, the FAKE NEWS MEDIA goes crazy, always seeking to make us look as bad as possible! Very dishonest!
Our pledge to hire American includes those leaving prison and looking for a very fresh staI am grateful to be here today w/ Members of the House &amp, Senate who have poured their time, heaJust spoke to Governor Jerry Brown to let him know that we are with him, and the people of California, all the way!
Was just briefed by @FEMA_Brock and @SecretaryZinke, who are in California. Thank you to the great Firefighters, First Responders and @FEMA for the incredible job they are doing w/ the California Wildfires. Our Nation appreciates your heroism, courage &amp, genius. God Bless you all!
Not seen in many years, America’s steelworkers get a hard-earned raise because of my Administration’s policies to help bring back the U.S. steel industry, which is critical to our National Security. I will always protect America and its workers!
The story in the New York Times concerning NoWhen will Bill Nelson concede in Florida? The characters running Broward and Palm Beach voting will not be able to “find” enough votes, too much spotlight on them now!
By the way, when the helicopter couldn’t fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility, I suggested driving. Secret Service said NO, too far from airpoBy the way, when the helicopter couldn’t fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility, I suggested driving. Secret Service said NO, too far from airpo......MAKE FRANCE GREAT AGAIN!
The problem is that Emmanuel suffers from a very low Approval Rating in France, 26%, and an unemployment rate of almost 10%. He was just trying to get onto another subject. By the way, there is no country more Nationalist than France, very proud people-and rightfully so!........
On Trade, France makes excellent wine, but so does the U.S. The problem is that France makes it very hard for the U.S. to sell its wines into France, and charges big Tariffs, whereas the U.S. makes it easy for French wines, and charges very small Tariffs. Not fair, must change!
Emmanuel Macron suggests building its own army to protect Europe against the U.S., China and Russia. But it was Germany in World Wars One &amp, Two - How did that work out for France? They were staI just approved an expedited request for a Major Disaster Declaration for the State of California. Wanted to respond quickly in order to alleviate some of the incredible suffering going on. I am with you all the way. God Bless all of the victims and families affected.
Hopefully, Saudi Arabia and OPEC will not be cutting oil production. Oil prices should be much lower based on supply!
American Cable Association has big problems with Comcast. They say that Comcast routinely violates Antitrust Laws. “These guys are acting much worse, and have much more potential for damage to consumers, than anything AT&amp,T-Time Warner would do.” Charlie Gasparino
The California Fire Fighters, FEMA and First Responders are amazing and very brave. Thank you and God Bless you all!
The prospect of Presidential Harassment by the Dems is causing the Stock Market big headaches!
The Florida Election should be called in favor of Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis in that large numbers of new ballots showed up out of nowhere, and many ballots are missing or forged. An honest vote count is no longer possible-ballots massively infected. Must go with Election Night!
.....of money spent on protecting other countries, and we get nothing but Trade Deficits and Losses. It is time that these very rich countries either pay the United States for its great military protection, or protect themselves...and Trade must be made FREE and FAIR!
.....hundreds of billions of dollars, for the great privilege of losing hundreds of billions of dollars with these same countries on trade. I told them that this situation cannot continue - It is, and always has been, ridiculously unfair to the United States. Massive amounts.....
Beautiful ceremony today in Paris commemorating the end of World War One. Many World leaders in attendance. Thank you to @EmmanuelMacron, President of France! Now off to Suresnes American Cemetery to make speech in honor of our great heroes! Then back to the U.S.A.
With proper Forest Management, we can stop the devastation constantly going on in California. Get SmaThese California fires are expanding very, very quickly (in some cases 80-100 acres a minute). If people don’t evacuate quickly, they risk being oveMore than 4,000 are fighting the Camp and Woolsey Fires in California that have burned over 170,000 acres. Our heaTrying to STEAL two big elections in Florida! We are watching closely!
Had very productive meetings and calls for our Country today. Meeting tonight with World Leaders!
Happy 243rd BiI am in Paris getting ready to celebrate the end of World War One. Is there anything better to celebrate than the end of a war, in paThere is no reason for these massive, deadly and costly forest fires in California except that forest management is so poor. Billions of dollars are given each year, with so many lives lost, all because of gross mismanagement of the forests. Remedy now, or no more Fed payments!
....Mr. Whitaker is very highly thought of by @SenJoniErnst, Senator @ChuckGrassley, Ambassador @TerryBranstad, Leonard Leo of Federalist Society, and many more. I feel ceMatthew G. Whitaker is a highly respected former U.S. Attorney from Iowa. He was chosen by Jeff Sessions to be his Chief of Staff. I did not know Mr. Whitaker. Likewise, as Chief, I did not know Mr. Whitaker except primarily as he traveled with A.G. Sessions. No social contact...
President Macron of France has just suggested that Europe build its own military in order to protect itself from the U.S., China and Russia. Very insulting, but perhaps Europe should first pay its fair share of NATO, which the U.S. subsidizes greatly!
Just out — in Arizona, SIGNATURES DON’T MATCH. Electoral corruption - Call for a new Election? We must protect our Democracy!
Thank you @marcorubio for helping to expose the potential corruption going on with respect to Election Theft in Broward and Palm Beach Counties. The WORLD is now watching closely!
Hundreds of Bikers for Trump just joined me at Bedminster. Quite a scene - great people who truly love our Country!
In the 2016 Election I was winning by so much in Florida that Broward County, which was very late with vote tabulation and probably getting ready to do a “number,” couldn’t do it because not enough people live in Broward for them to falsify a victory!
Mayor Gillum conceded on Election Day and now Broward County has put him “back into play.” Bill Nelson conceded Election - now he’s back in play!? This is an embarrassment to our Country and to Democracy!
Rick Scott was up by 50,000+ votes on Election Day, now they “found” many votes and he is only up 15,000 votes. “The Broward Effect.” How come they never find Republican votes?
Jeff Flake(y) doesn’t want to protect the Non-Senate confirmed Special Counsel, he wants to protect his future after being unelectable in Arizona for the “crime” of doing a terrible job! A weak and ineffective guy!
As soon as Democrats sent their best Election stealing lawyer, Marc Elias, to Broward County they miraculously staYou mean they are just now finding votes in Florida and Georgia – but the Election was on Tuesday? Let’s blame the Russians and demand an immediate apology from President Putin!
.@BrianKempGA ran a great race in Georgia – he won. It is time to move on!
Law Enforcement is looking into another big corruption scandal having to do with Election Fraud in #Broward and Palm Beach. Florida voted for Rick Scott!
....Great bravery shown by police. California Highway Patrol was on scene within 3 minutes, with first officer to enter shot numerous times. That Sheriff’s Sergeant died in the hospital. God bless all of the victims and families of the victims. Thank you to Law Enforcement.
I have been fully briefed on the terrible shooting in California. Law Enforcement and First Responders, together with the FBI, are on scene. 13 people, at this time, have been repo....We thank Attorney General Jeff Sessions for his service, and wish him well! A permanent replacement will be nominated at a later date.
We are pleased to announce that Matthew G. Whitaker, Chief of Staff to Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the DepaAccording to NBC News, Voters Nationwide Disapprove of the so-called Mueller Investigation (46%) more than they Approve (41%). You mean they are finally beginning to understand what a disgusting Witch Hunt, led by 17 Angry Democrats, is all about!
In all fairness, Nancy Pelosi deserves to be chosen Speaker of the House by the Democrats. If they give her a hard time, perhaps we will add some Republican votes. She has earned this great honor!
If the Democrats think they are going to waste Taxpayer Money investigating us at the House level, then we will likewise be forced to consider investigating them for all of the leaks of Classified Information, and much else, at the Senate level. Two can play that game!
To any of the pundits or talking heads that do not give us proper credit for this great Midterm Election, just remember two words - FAKE NEWS!
I will be doing a news conference at The White House - 11:30 A.M. Will be discussing our success in the Midterms!
Those that worked with me in this incredible Midterm Election, embracing ceRon DeSantis showed great courage in his hard fought campaign to become the Governor of Florida. Congratulations to Ron and family!
Received so many Congratulations from so many on our Big Victory last night, including from foreign nations (friends) that were waiting me out, and hoping, on Trade Deals. Now we can all get back to work and get things done!
.@DavidAsmanfox “How do the Democrats respond to this? Think of how his position with Republicans improves-all the candidates who won tonight. They realize how impo....unbelievably lucky to have him and I’m just awed at how well they’ve done. It’s all the Trump magic - Trump is the magic man. Incredible, he’s got the entire media against him, attacking him every day, and he pulls out these enormous wins.” Ben Stein, “The Capitalist Code”
“There’s only been 5 times in the last 105 years that an incumbent President has won seats in the Senate in the off year election. Mr. Trump has magic about him. This guy has magic coming out of his ears. He is an astonishing vote getter &amp, campaigner. The Republicans are.........
Tremendous success tonight. Thank you to all!
Congressman Randy Hultgren (R) of Illinois is doing a great job. Get out and Vote for Randy - Total Endorsement!
Florida, very impoBob Hugin, successful all of his life, would be a Great Senator from New Jersey. He has my complete and total Endorsement! Get out and Vote for Bob.
Congressman Peter King of New York is a hardworking gem. Loves his Country and his State. Get out and VOTE for Peter!
There is a rumor, put out by the Democrats, that Josh Hawley of Missouri left the Arena last night early. It is Fake News. He met me at the plane when I arrived, spoke at the great Rally, &amp, stayed to the very end. In fact, I said goodbye to him and left before he did. Deception!
“Bill Nelson is kind of an empty figure in Washington. You never hear his name, he’s never in debates on key issues - he is just under the radar.” Chris Wallace on @FoxNews In other words, Nelson is a “stiff.”
Law Enforcement has been strongly notified to watch closely for any ILLEGAL VOTING which may take place in Tuesday’s Election (or Early Voting). Anyone caught will be subject to the Maximum Criminal Penalties allowed by law. Thank you!
REMEMBER FLORIDA: I have been President of the United States for almost two years. During that time Senator Bill Nelson didn’t call me once. Rick Scott called constantly requesting dollars plus for Florida. Did a GREAT job on hurricanes. VOTE SCOTT!
So funny to see the CNN Fake Suppression Polls and false rhetoric. Watch for real results Tuesday. We are lucky CNN’s ratings are so low. Don’t fall for the Suppression Game. Go out &amp, VOTE. Remember, we now have perhaps the greatest Economy (JOBS) in the history of our Country!
I need @claudiatenney of #NY22 to be re-elected in order to get our big plans moving. Her opponent would be a disaster. Nobody works harder than Claudia, and she is a producer. I look forward to working together with her - she has my Strongest Endorsement! Vote Claudia!
No matter what she says, Senator Claire McCaskill will always vote against us and the Great State of Missouri! Vote for Josh Hawley - he will be a great Senator!
If @AndrewGillum did the same job with Florida that he has done in Tallahassee as Mayor, the State will be a crime ridden, ove.@DebbieStabenow voted against Tax Cuts, great Healthcare, Supreme CouDana Rohrabacher has been a great Congressman for his District and for the people of Cal. He works hard and is respected by all - he produces! Dems are desperate to replace Dana by spending vast sums to elect a super liberal who is weak on Crime and bad for our Military &amp, Vets!
John James, running as a Republican for the Senate from Michigan, is a spectacular young star of the future. We should make him a star of the present. A distinguished West Point Grad and Vet, people should Vote Out Schumer Puppet Debbie Stabenow, who does nothing for Michigan!
WOW - DepaI will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews
New Fox Poll shows a “40% Approval Rating by African Americans for President Trump, a record for Republicans.” Thank you, a great honor!
.@DannyTarkanian is a great guy and a team player. He will represent his District, State and Country at the highest level. Danny is strong on Military, our Vets, Second Amendment and all of the things that we so strongly stand for. Vote for Danny - he has my Strong Endorsement!
Governor @DougDucey of Arizona is doing a great job. Doug is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military &amp, our Vets. Vote for Doug, he has my full and Complete Endorsement!
....Lake Okeechobee and all of the hurricane money were a passion for Rick Scott, who called endlessly on behalf of the People of Florida. Vote @ScottforFlorida!
In all the time I’ve been President, almost two years, never once did Senator Bill Nelson call me to ask for help for the Great State of Florida. I never see him until election time....
New York, get out and VOTE for @JohnFasoNy, a great and hardworking Congressman. We need John’s voice in D.C. His opponent just moved to the area - is Pro-Iran and Anti-Israel. Vote for John. Has my Strong Endorsement!
A vicious accuser of Justice Kavanaugh has just admitted that she was lying, her story was totally made up, or FAKE! Can you imagine if he didn’t become a Justice of the Supreme CouThank you to @PeteHegseth and @KatiePavlich for your nice, and very wise, statements on the Economy. You both really get it! @foxandfriends
A vicious accuser of Justice Kavanough has just admitted that she was lying, her story was totally made up, or FAKE! Can you imagine if he didn’t become a Justice of the Supreme CouHeading to Montana and Florida today! Everyone is excited about the Jobs Numbers - 250,000 new jobs in October. Also, wages rising. Wow!
Indiana Rally, and Coach Bobby Knight, were incredible last night. Packed House in Honor of Mike Braun for Senate. Mike will be a GREAT Senator. Don’t forget to VOTE!
Congresswoman Maxine Waters was called the most Corrupt Member of Congress! @FoxNews If Dems win, she would be put in charge of our Country’s finances. The beginning of the end!
Scott Perry of Pennsylvania is fantastic. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Total Endorsement!
I need the people of West Virginia to send a message to Chuck Schumer, Maxine Waters, Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Democrats by voting for Carol Miller and Patrick Morrisey!
Will be going to West Virginia and Indiana today, TWO RALLIES! Don’t tell anyone (big secret), but I will be bringing Coach Bobby Knight to Indiana. He’s been a suppoWow! The U.S. added 250,000 Jobs in October - and this was despite the hurricanes. Unemployment at 3.7%. Wages UP! These are incredible numbers. Keep it going, Vote Republican!
Illegal immigration affects the lives of all Americans. Illegal Immigration hu....His opponent, Jared Polis, is weak on crime and weak on borders – could never do the job. Get out and VOTE – Walker has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Yesterday in Pittsburgh I was really impressed with Congressman Keith Rothfus (far more so than any other local political figure). His sincere level of compassion, grief and sorrow for the events that took place was, in its own way, very inspiring. Vote for Keith!
Harry Reid, when he was sane, agreed with us on BiPaul Ryan should be focusing on holding the Majority rather than giving his opinions on BiRepublicans will protect people with pre-existing conditions far better than the Dems!
“Donald Trump has made good on his promises, and it drives Democrats Crazy!” Brad Blakeman @FoxNews
The World is using our laws to our detriment. They laugh at the Stupidity they see!
Stock Market up more than 400 points yesterday. Today looks to be another good one. Companies earnings are great!
Melania and I were treated very nicely yesterday in Pittsburgh. The Office of the President was shown great respect on a very sad and solemn day. We were treaty so warmly. Small protest was not seen by us, staged far away. The Fake News stories were just the opposite-Disgraceful!
Our military is being mobilized at the Southern Border. Many more troops coming. We will NOT let these Caravans, which are also made up of some very bad thugs and gang members, into the U.S. Our Border is sacred, must come in legally. TURN AROUND!
The Caravans are made up of some very tough fighters and people. Fought back hard and viciously against Mexico at NoCongressman @KevinYoder has fought hard for the People of Kansas. Highly respected, strong on Crime, the Border, Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Kevin has my Total Endorsement!
....Richard Cordray will let you down, just like he did when he destroyed the government agency that he ran. Clone of Pocahontas, that’s not for Ohio. Mike has my Total Endorsement!
.@MikeDeWine will be a great Governor for the People of Ohio. He is an outstanding man who loves his State – and always produces big....
Just out: Consumer Confidence hits highest level since 2000.
“If the Fed backs off and staThe Stock Market is up massively since the Election, but is now taking a little pause - people want to see what happens with the Midterms. If you want your Stocks to go down, I strongly suggest voting Democrat. They like the Venezuela financial model, High Taxes &amp, Open Borders!
Congressman Kevin Brady of Texas is so popular in his District, and far beyond, that he doesn’t need any help - but I am giving it to him anyway. He is a great guy and the absolute “King” of Cutting Taxes. Highly respected by all, he loves his State &amp, Country. Strong Endorsement!
Congressman Andy Barr of Kentucky, who just had a great debate with his Nancy Pelosi run opponent, has been a winner for his State. Strong on Crime, the Border, Tax Cuts, Military, Vets and 2nd Amendment, we need Andy in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
.@Erik_Paulsen, @Jason2CD, @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done. We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!
Congressman @DaveBratVA7th is a fighter who is doing a great job for Virginia and for our Country. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment and all else. We need Dave in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
.@Erik_Paulsen, @Jason2CD, @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!
Congresswoman @cathymcmorris of Washington State is an incredible leader who is respected by everyone in Congress. We need her badly in D.C. to keep building on #MAGA. She has my Strong Endorsement!
Congressman @RodBlum of Iowa got a desperately needed Flood Wall for Cedar Rapids that was almost impossible to get. He makes a BIG difference for Iowa! Border, Military, Vets etc. We need Rod in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
.@Denver4VA of the 5th District in Virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done! Really big help with Tax Cuts, the Military and our great Vets. He has my Total Endorsement!
.@ErikPaulson, @JasonLewis, @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!
Congressman @DenverRiggleman of the 5th District in Virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done! Really big help with Tax Cuts, the Military and our great Vets. He has my Total Endorsement!
.@Troy_Balderson is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio. We need him in D.C. Vote for Troy - He has my total Endorsement!
.@troybalderson is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio. We need him in D.C. Vote for Troy - He has my total Endorsement!
Check out tweets from last two days. I refer to Fake News Media when mentioning Enemy of the People - but dishonest repoCNN and others in the Fake News Business keep purposely and inaccurately repoGreat job being done by Congressman Keith Rothfus of Pennsylvania. Thank you Keith!
In Florida there is a choice between a Harvard/Yale educated man named @RonDeSantisFL who has been a great Congressman and will be a great Governor - and a Dem who is a thief and who is Mayor of poorly run Tallahassee, said to be one of the most corrupt cities in the Country!
Many Gang Members and some very bad people are mixed into the Caravan heading to our Southern Border. Please go back, you will not be admitted into the United States unless you go through the legal process. This is an invasion of our Country and our Military is waiting for you!
Had a very good conversation with the newly elected President of Brazil, Jair Bolsonaro, who won his race by a substantial margin. We agreed that Brazil and the United States will work closely together on Trade, Military and everything else! Excellent call, wished him congrats!
....of Anger and Outrage and we will then be able to bring all sides together in Peace and Harmony. Fake News Must End!
There is great anger in our Country caused in paThe Fake News is doing everything in their power to blame Republicans, Conservatives and me for the division and hatred that has been going on for so long in our Country. Actually, it is their Fake &amp, Dishonest repoJust watched Wacky Tom Steyer, who I have not seen in action before, be interviewed by @jaketapper. He comes off as a crazed &amp, stumbling lunatic who should be running out of money pretty soon. As bad as their field is, if he is running for President, the Dems will eat him alive!
Thank you to Steve Rogers, FBI Joint Terror Task Force (Ret), for his very kind and generous remarks about me and my relationship to Law Enforcement. @JudgeJeanine
Watching the Dodgers/Red Sox final innings. It is amazing how a manager takes out a pitcher who is loose &amp, dominating through almost 7 innings, Rich Hill of Dodgers, and brings in nervous reliever(s) who get shellacked. 4 run lead gone. Managers do it all the time, big mistake!
...This evil Anti-Semitic attack is an assault on humanity. It will take all of us working together to extract the poison of Anti-Semitism from our world. We must unite to conquer hate.
All of America is in mourning over the mass murder of Jewish Americans at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh. We pray for those who perished and their loved ones, and our heaAs you know, earlier today there was a horrific shooting targeting and killing Jewish Americans at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The shooter is in custody, and federal authorities have been dispatched to suppoEvents in Pittsburgh are far more devastating than originally thought. Spoke with Mayor and Governor to inform them that the Federal Government has been, and will be, with them all the way. I will speak to the media shoWatching the events unfolding in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Law enforcement on the scene. People in Squirrel Hill area should remain sheltered. Looks like multiple fatalities. Beware of active shooter. God Bless All!
I will be speaking at the Young Black Leadership Summit in 15 minutes where I will address the investigation into the bomb packages.
Republicans are doing so well in early voting, and at the polls, and now this “Bomb” stuff happens and the momentum greatly slows - news not talking politics. Very unfoTwitter has removed many people from my account and, more impoThe United States has been spending Billions of Dollars a year on Illegal Immigration. This will not continue. Democrats must give us the votes to pass strong (but fair) laws. If not, we will be forced to play a much tougher hand.
Funny how lowly rated CNN, and others, can criticize me at will, even blaming me for the current spate of Bombs and ridiculously comparing this to September 11th and the Oklahoma City bombing, yet when I criticize them they go wild and scream, “it’s just not Presidential!”
.@BrucePoliquin from Maine is a great Congressman. He is in a tough fight against a very liberal Nancy Pelosi Democrat. Bruce has helped bring JOBS back to his State and totally protects your Great Second Amendment. We need to keep Bruce in Washington. He has my Full Endorsement!
.@MikeDunleavyGov will make a fantastic Governor of Alaska. Mike is for Energy and Jobs, is tough on Crime, loves our Vets and our Great Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
.@LloydSmuckerPA is doing a great job for the people of Pennsylvania. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. Lloyd has my Total Endorsement!
.@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is doing a great job as your Congressman, already very respected in Washington. Get out and VOTE for Troy - we need him – great guy – has my Total Endorsement!
.@JohnChrin of Pennsylvania is fantastic. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He is a powerful vote for #MAGA and loves the Great State of Pennsylvania. Please get out and vote for John, he has my Total and very Strong Endorsement!
...I agree with their stance 100%, and the United States is likewise taking a very hard line on illegal immigration. The Prime Minister is working very hard on the economy of Italy - he will be successful!
Just spoke with Prime Minister @GiuseppeConteIT of Italy concerning many subjects, including the fact that Italy is now taking a very hard line on illegal immigration...
Spoke with French President @EmmanuelMacron this morning. Discussed many topics including the very exciting upcoming visit to Paris where @FLOTUS Melania and I will attend the Armistice Day Centennial Commemoration!
To those in the Caravan, turnaround, we are not letting people into the United States illegally. Go back to your Country and if you want, apply for citizenship like millions of others are doing!
The New York Times has a new Fake Story that now the Russians and Chinese (glad they finally added China) are listening to all of my calls on cellphones. Except that I rarely use a cellphone, &amp, when I do it’s government authorized. I like Hard Lines. Just more made up Fake News!
A very big paBrandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council is right when he says on @foxandfriends that the Democrat inspired laws make it tough for us to stop people at the Border. MUST BE CHANDED, but I am bringing out the military for this National Emergency. They will be stopped!
The safety of the American People is my highest priority. I have just concluded a briefing with the FBI, DepaI agree wholeheaRepublicans will totally protect people with Pre-Existing Conditions, Democrats will not! Vote Republican.
Brian Kemp will be a GREAT Governor of Georgia. Stacey Abrams will destroy the State. Sooooo impoWe are a great Sovereign Nation. We have Strong Borders and will never accept people coming into our Country illegally!
For those who want and advocate for illegal immigration, just take a good look at what has happened to Europe over the last 5 years. A total mess! They only wish they had that decision to make over again.
Stock Market up 548 points today. Also, GREAT jobs numbers!
Billions of dollars are, and will be, coming into United States coffers because of Tariffs. Great also for negotiations - if a country won’t give us a fair Trade Deal, we will institute Tariffs on them. Used or not, jobs and businesses will be created. U.S. respected again!
Congressman John Faso of New York has worked hard and smaThe people of PueJay Webber of New Jersey, running for Congress, is doing a great job against a person who is looking to raise Taxes substantially. Jay wants big Tax Cuts and Changes. A Harvard graduate and father of seven, Jay will be great for New Jersey and get the job done-and I will help!
Congressman Erik Paulsen of the Great State of Minnesota has done a fantastic job in cutting Taxes and Job Killing Regulations. Hard working and very smaWe send our deepest condolences to @RepLouBarletta and the entire Barletta family, on the passing of his brother. Lou has been working so hard despite this terrible situation for the people of Pennsylvania. Our thoughts and prayers are with Lou and the entire Barletta family!
We send our deepest condolences to Lou and the entire Barletta family - he has been working so hard despite this terrible situation for the people of Pennsylvania. Our thoughts and prayers are with you Lou!
WOW - thank you Houston, Texas! I am depa....I say of course they’re low - because for the first time in 50 years I am making them pay a big price for doing business with America. Why should they like me? — But I still like them!
The Fake News Media has been talking about recent approval ratings of me by countries around the world, including the European Union, as being very low....
“Shock repoBig Night In Texas!!!!
Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador were not able to do the job of stopping people from leaving their country and coming illegally to the U.S. We will now begin cutting off, or substantially reducing, the massive foreign aid routinely given to them.
Every time you see a Caravan, or people illegally coming, or attempting to come, into our Country illegally, think of and blame the Democrats for not giving us the votes to change our pathetic Immigration Laws! Remember the Midterms! So unfair to those who come in legally.
Sadly, it looks like Mexico’s Police and Military are unable to stop the Caravan heading to the Southern Border of the United States. Criminals and unknown Middle Easterners are mixed in. I have aleCongressman Tom Reed of New York’s 23rd District has done a great job. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
Ron @RonDeSantisFL DeSantis had a great debate victory tonight against Andrew Gillum, a mayor who presides over one of the worst run, and most corrupt, cities in Florida. Ron will build on the great job done by Governor Rick Scott. Gillum will make Florida the next Venezuela!
Facebook has just stated that they are setting up a system to “purge” themselves of Fake News. Does that mean CNN will finally be put out of business?
Best Jobs Numbers in the history of our great Country! Many other things likewise. So why wouldn’t we win the Midterms? Dems can never do even nearly as well! Think of what will happen to your now beautiful 401-k’s!
Full effoWatched NoAll levels of government and Law Enforcement are watching carefully for VOTER FRAUD, including during EARLY VOTING. Cheat at your own peril. Violators will be subject to maximum penalties, both civil and criminal!
Heading to Nevada to help a man who has become a good friend, Senator Dean Heller. He is all about #MAGA and I need his Help and Talent in Washington. Also, Adam Laxalt will be a GREAT GOVERNOR, and has my complete and total Endorsement. Winners Both!
Leaving Arizona after a fantastic Rally last night, in Mesa, honoring, and for, MaRick Scott is known as easily one of the best Governors in the USA. Florida is setting records in almost every category of success. Amazing achievement-the envy of the World. Ron DeSantis will build on this success. His incompetent opponent will destroy Florida - next Venezuela!
Ron @RonDeSantisFL DeSantis is working hard. A great Congressman and top student at Harvard &amp, Yale, Ron will be a record setting governor for Florida. Rick Scott gave him tremendous foundations to fuGet out and Early Vote for Brian Kemp. He will be a GREAT GOVERNOR for the State of Georgia!
Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp will be a great governor. He has been successful at whatever he has done, and has prepared for this very difficult and complex job for many years. He has my Strong Endorsement. His opponent is totally unqualified. Would destroy a great state!
If the Democrats would stop being obstructionists and come together, we could write up and agree to new immigration laws in less than one hour. Look at the needless pain and suffering that they are causing. Look at the horrors taking place on the Border. Chuck &amp, Nancy, call me!
Beto O’Rourke is a total lightweight compared to Ted Cruz, and he comes nowhere near representing the values and desires of the people of the Great State of Texas. He will never be allowed to turn Texas into Venezuela!
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was never given or shown a Transcript or Video of the Saudi Consulate event. FAKE NEWS!
When referring to the USA, I will always capitalize the word Country!
#JobsNotMobs!
Jon Tester says one thing to voters and does the EXACT OPPOSITE in Washington. Tester takes his orders form Pelosi &amp, Schumer. Tester wants to raise your taxes, take away your 2A, open your borders, and deliver MOB RULE. Retire Tester &amp, Elect America-First Patriot Matt Rosendale!
The only thing keeping Tester alive is he has millions and millions of dollars from outside liberals and leftists, who couldn’t care less about our Country!
Will be landing soon. Looking forward to seeing our next Senator from Montana, Matt Rosendale. He will represent our Country well, far better than Jon Tester who will vote with Cryin’ Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi - never with us!
...the Crown Prince. He is waiting for the results of the investigations being done by the Saudis and Turkey, and just gave a news conference to that effect.
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo returned last night from Saudi Arabia and Turkey. I met with him this morning wherein the Saudi situation was discussed in great detail, including his meeting with...
Congressman @DaveBratVA7th is one of the hardest working, and sma....The assault on our country at our Southern Border, including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, is far more impo....In addition to stopping all payments to these countries, which seem to have almost no control over their population, I must, in the strongest of terms, ask Mexico to stop this onslaught - and if unable to do so I will call up the U.S. Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!..
I am watching the Democrat PaEver since his vicious and totally false statements about Admiral Ron Jackson, the highly respected White House Doctor for Obama, Bush &amp, me, Senator John Tester looks to be in big trouble in the Great State of Montana! He behaved worse than the Democrat Mob did with Justice K!
Congressman Neal Dunn (@DunnCampaign) of Florida has done an outstanding job at everything having to do with #MAGA. Now working hard on hurricane relief and rebuild. Strong on Crime, strong on Borders, loves our Military and our Vets. Neal has my highest Endorsement!
College educated women want safety, security and healthcare protections – very much along with financial and economic health for themselves and our Country. I supply all of this far better than any Democrat (for decades, actually). That’s why they will be voting for me!
Republicans must make the horrendous, weak and outdated immigration laws, and the Border, a paHard to believe that with thousands of people from South of the Border, walking unimpeded toward our country in the form of large Caravans, that the Democrats won’t approve legislation that will allow laws for the protection of our country. Great Midterm issue for Republicans!
“Network News gave Zero coverage to the Big Day the Stock Market had yesterday.” @foxandfriends
August job openings hit a record 7.14 million. Congratulations USA!
AP headline was very different from my quote and meaning in the story. They just can’t help themselves. FAKE NEWS!
Ted Cruz has done so much for Texas, including massive cuts in taxes and regulations - which has brought Texas to the best jobs numbers in the history of the state. He watches carefully over your 2nd Amendment. O’Rourke would blow it all! Ted has long had my Strong Endorsement!
Watched the debate last night &amp, Beto O’Rourke, who wants higher taxes and far more regulations, is not in the same league with Ted Cruz &amp, what the great people of Texas stand for &amp, want. Ted is strong on Crime, Border &amp, 2nd A, loves our Military, Vets, Low Taxes. Beto is a Flake!
“Trump could be the most honest president in modern history. When you look at the real barometer of presidential truthfulness, which is promise keeping, he is probably the most honest president in American history. He’s done exactly what he said he would do.” Marc Thiessen, WPost
Elizabeth Warren is being hammered, even by the Left. Her false claim of Indian heritage is only selling to VERY LOW I.Q. individuals!
Anybody entering the United States illegally will be arrested and detained, prior to being sent back to their country!
We have today informed the countries of Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador that if they allow their citizens, or others, to journey through their borders and up to the United States, with the intention of entering our country illegally, all payments made to them will STOP (END)!
I will be interviewed tonight by Trish Regan on @FoxBusiness at 8:00 P.M., right after the great Lou Dobbs!
WOW, John James is making headway in Michigan. We are bringing jobs back to the State, and the People of Michigan appreciate it. Debbie Stabenow has been no help, if anything, a major hindrance. John James is a star, I hope the voters see it. Polls are tightening!
...during the call, and told me that he has already staJust spoke with the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia who totally denied any knowledge of what took place in their Turkish Consulate. He was with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo...
Is it really possible that Bruce Ohr, whose wife Nellie was paid by Simpson and GPS Fusion for work done on the Fake Dossier, and who was used as a Pawn in this whole SCAM (WITCH HUNT), is still working for the Depa“Conflict between Glen Simpson’s testimony to another House Panel about his contact with Justice Depa“Federal Judge throws out Stormy Danials lawsuit versus Trump. Trump is entitled to full legal fees.” @FoxNews Great, now I can go after Horseface and her 3rd rate lawyer in the Great State of Texas. She will confirm the letter she signed! She knows nothing about me, a total con!
Incredible number just out, 7,036,000 job openings. Astonishing - it’s all working! Stock Market up big on tremendous potential of USA. Also, Strong Profits. We are Number One in World, by far!
For the record, I have no financial interests in Saudi Arabia (or Russia, for that matter). Any suggestion that I have is just more FAKE NEWS (of which there is plenty)!
“8X more new manufacturing jobs now than with Obama.” @FoxNews @cvpayne
The United States has strongly informed the President of Honduras that if the large Caravan of people heading to the U.S. is not stopped and brought back to Honduras, no more money or aid will be given to Honduras, effective immediately!
“Op-Ed praises Trump Administrations effoThank you to the Cherokee Nation for revealing that Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, is a complete and total Fraud!
Now that her claims of being of Indian heritage have turned out to be a scam and a lie, Elizabeth Warren should apologize for perpetrating this fraud against the American Public. Harvard called her “a person of color” (amazing con), and would not have taken her otherwise!
Pocahontas (the bad version), sometimes referred to as Elizabeth Warren, is getting slammed. She took a bogus DNA test and it showed that she may be 1/1024, far less than the average American. Now Cherokee Nation denies her, “DNA test is useless.” Even they don’t want her. Phony!
Open enrollment sta"Just arrived in Florida. Also thinking about our GREAT Alabama farmers and our many friends in NoOn our way to Florida and Georgia!
Just spoke to the King of Saudi Arabia who denies any knowledge of whatever may have happened “to our Saudi Arabian citizen.” He said that they are working closely with Turkey to find answer. I am immediately sending our Secretary of State to meet with King!
PASTOR BRUNSON JUST RELEASED. WILL BE HOME SOON!
Will be leaving for Florida and Georgia with the First Lady to tour the hurricane damage and visit with FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement. Maximum effoThe crowds at my Rallies are far bigger than they have ever been before, including the 2016 election. Never an empty seat in these large venues, many thousands of people watching screens outside. Enthusiasm &amp, Spirit is through the roof. SOMETHING BIG IS HAPPENING - WATCH!
“The only way to shut down the Democrats new Mob Rule strategy is to stop them cold at the Ballot Box. The fight for America’s future is never over!” Ben Shapiro
I will be interviewed on “60 Minutes” tonight at 7:00 P.M., after NFL game. Enjoy!
Princess Eugenie of York was a truly beautiful bride yesterday. She has been through so much, and has come out a total winner!
NBC News has totally and purposely changed the point and meaning of my story about General RobeCongratulations to Tucker Carlson on the great success of his book, “Ship of Fools.” It just went to NUMBER ONE!
Big day! Pastor Andrew Brunson, who could have spent 35 years in a Turkish prison, was returned safely home to his family today. Met in Oval Office, great people! Then off to Kentucky for a Rally for Congressman Andy Barr. Tremendous crowd &amp, spirit! Just returned to White House.
Heading to the Great State of Kentucky - Big Rally for Congressman Andy Barr - Fantastic guy, need his vote for MAGA! Strong on Crime, Tax Cuts, Military, Vets &amp, 2nd A. His opponent will NEVER vote for us, only for Pelosi. Andy has my Strongest Endorsement!!! See you in Kentucky.
Highly respected Congressman Keith Rothfus (R) of Pennsylvania is in the fight of his life because the Dems changed the District Map. He must win. Strong on crime, borders, big tax &amp, reg cuts, Military &amp, Vets. Opponent Lamb a Pelosi puppet-weak on crime. BIG ENDORSEMENT FOR KEITH
“From a Turkish prison to the White House in 24 hours.” Kristin Fisher of @FoxNews Very cool!
There was NO DEAL made with Turkey for the release and return of Pastor Andrew Brunson. I don’t make deals for hostages. There was, however, great appreciation on behalf of the United States, which will lead to good, perhaps great, relations between the United States &amp, Turkey!
Don’t miss our GREAT @FLOTUS, Melania, on @ABC @ABC2020 tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy!
People have no idea how hard Hurricane Michael has hit the great state of Georgia. I will be visiting both Florida and Georgia early next week. We are working very hard on every area and every state that was hit - we are with you!
So nice, everyone wants Ivanka Trump to be the new United Nations Ambassador. She would be incredible, but I can already hear the chants of Nepotism! We have great people that want the job.
Working very hard on Pastor Brunson!
Despite so many positive events and victories, Media Reseach Center repoWalker Stapleton is running as the highly respected Republican Candidate for Governor of the Great State of Colorado. His credentials and talents are impeccable. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
.@FLGovScott has been relentless in securing the funding to fix the algae problem from Lake Okeechobee - we will solve this! Congress must follow through on the Government’s plan on the Everglades Reservoir. Bill Nelson has been no help!
...Looks to be a Cat. 3 which is even more intense than Florence. Good news is, the folks in the Pan Handle can take care of anything. @FEMA and First Responders are ready - be prepared! #HurricaneMichael
Hurricane on its way to the Florida Pan Handle with major elements arriving tomorrow. Could also hit, in later stage, paBig announcement with my friend Ambassador Nikki Haley in the Oval Office at 10:30am.
Will be going to Iowa tonight for Rally, and more! The Farmers (and all) are very happy with USMCA!
Great evening last night at the White House honoring Justice Kavanaugh and family. Our country is very proud of them!
The paid D.C. protesters are now ready to REALLY protest because they haven’t gotten their checks - in other words, they weren’t paid! Screamers in Congress, and outside, were far too obvious - less professional than anticipated by those paying (or not paying) the bills!
DepaGreat new book by Jason Chaffetz appropriately called “The Deep State.” Very interesting indeed!
You don’t hand matches to an arsonist, and you don’t give power to an angry left-wing mob. Democrats have become too EXTREME and TOO DANGEROUS to govern. Republicans believe in the rule of law - not the rule of the mob. VOTE REPUBLICAN!
Mexico, Canada and the United States are a great paThe crowd in front of the U.S. Supreme CouI applaud and congratulate the U.S. Senate for confirming our GREAT NOMINEE, Judge Brett Kavanaugh, to the United States Supreme CouI have asked Steve Daines, our great Republican Senator from Montana, to attend his daughter Annie’s wedding rather than coming to today’s vote. Steve was ready to do whatever he had to, but we had the necessary number. To the Daines Family, congratulations-have a wonderful day!
Women for Kavanaugh, and many others who suppoWomen for Kavanaugh, and many others who suppoVery proud of the U.S. Senate for voting “YES” to advance the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh!
Just out: 3.7% Unemployment is the lowest number since 1969!
The very rude elevator screamers are paid professionals only looking to make Senators look bad. Don’t fall for it! Also, look at all of the professionally made identical signs. Paid for by Soros and others. These are not signs made in the basement from love! #Troublemakers
Just made my second stop in Minnesota for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally. We need to elect @KarinHousley to the U.S. Senate, and we need the strong leadership of @TomEmmer, @Jason2CD, @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber in the U.S. House!
This is now the 7th. time the FBI has investigated Judge Kavanaugh. If we made it 100, it would still not be good enough for the Obstructionist Democrats.
This is a very impoOur country’s great First Lady, Melania, is doing really well in Africa. The people love her, and she loves them! It is a beautiful thing to see.
The harsh and unfair treatment of Judge Brett Kavanaugh is having an incredible upward impact on voters. The PEOPLE get it far better than the politicians. Most impoWow, such enthusiasm and energy for Judge Brett Kavanaugh. Look at the Energy, look at the Polls. Something very big is happening. He is a fine man and great intellect. The country is with him all the way!
My thoughts and prayers are with the Florence County Sheriff’s Office and the Florence Police DepaJust spoke to President-Elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador of Mexico. Great call, we will work well together!
I see it each time I go out to Rallies in order to help some of our great Republican candidates. VOTERS ARE REALLY ANGRY AT THE VICIOUS AND DESPICABLE WAY DEMOCRATS ARE TREATING BRETT KAVANAUGH! He and his wonderful family deserve much better.
Thank you to Congressman Tom Reed of New York for your wonderful comments on our great new Trade Deal with Mexico and Canada, the USMCA. I have long ago given you my Full Endorsement, and for good reason. Keep up the Great Work! @Varneyco
The Stock Market just reached an All-Time High during my Administration for the 102nd Time, a presidential record, by far, for less than two years. So much potential as Trade and Military Deals are completed.
The Failing New York Times did something I have never seen done before. They used the concept of “time value of money” in doing a very old, boring and often told hit piece on me. Added up, this means that 97% of their stories on me are bad. Never recovered from bad election call!
Congressman @PeteSessions of Texas is a true fighter and patriot. Highly respected in D.C. by all, he always gets what his district, and our country, wants and needs. Strong on Crime, Border, Military, Vets and 2nd Amendment. Pete has my Full and Total Endorsement. A great guy!
Today, my Administration provided HISTORIC levels of funding to improve school safety through STOP School Violence grants – a top priority for @sandyhook. I am committed to keeping our children SAFE in their schools!
THE ONLY REASON TO VOTE FOR A DEMOCRAT IS IF YOU’RE TIRED OF WINNING!
News conference on the USMCA this morning at 11:00 - Rose Garden of White House.
Congratulations to Mexico and Canada!
....deficiencies and mistakes in NAFTA, greatly opens markets to our Farmers and Manufacturers, reduces Trade Barriers to the U.S. and will bring all three Great Nations together in competition with the rest of the world. The USMCA is a historic transaction!
.....deficiencies and mistakes in NAFTA, greatly opens markets to our Farmers and Manufacturers, reduce Trade Barriers to the U.S. and will bring all three Great Nations closer together in competition with the rest of the world. The USMCA is a historic transaction!
Late last night, our deadline, we reached a wonderful new Trade Deal with Canada, to be added into the deal already reached with Mexico. The new name will be The United States Mexico Canada Agreement, or USMCA. It is a great deal for all three countries, solves the many......
Wow! Just staSo if African-American unemployment is now at the lowest number in history, median income the highest, and you then add all of the other things I have done, how do Democrats, who have done NOTHING for African-Americans but TALK, win the Black Vote? And it will only get better!
Like many, I don’t watch Saturday Night Live (even though I past hosted it) - no longer funny, no talent or charm. It is just a political ad for the Dems. Word is that Kanye West, who put on a MAGA hat after the show (despite being told “no”), was great. He’s leading the charge!
Heading to West Virginia now. Big Rally. Will be live on @FoxNews tonight. Long lines, but will be great!
Senator Richard Blumenthal must talk about his fraudulent service in Vietnam, where for 12 years he told the people of Connecticut, as their Attorney General, that he was a great Marine War Hero. Talked about his many battles of near death, but was never in Vietnam. Total Phony!
Congressman Lee Zeldin is doing a fantastic job in D.C. Tough and smaChina is actually placing propaganda ads in the Des Moines Register and other papers, made to look like news. That’s because we are beating them on Trade, opening markets, and the farmers will make a foAvenatti is a third rate lawyer who is good at making false accusations, like he did on me and like he is now doing on Judge Brett Kavanaugh. He is just looking for attention and doesn’t want people to look at his past record and relationships - a total low-life!
Jobless Claims fell to their lowest level in 49 years!
Consumer confidence hits an 18 year high, close to breaking the all-time record. A big jump from last 8 years. People are excited about the USA again! We are getting Bigger and Richer and Stronger. WAY MORE TO GO!
The Democrats are playing a high level CON GAME in their vicious effo“These law enforcement people took the law into their own hands when it came to President Trump.” @LindseyGrahamSC
Rush Limbaugh to Republicans: “You can kiss the MIDTERMS goodbye if you don’t get highly qualified Kavanaugh approved.”
Will be speaking at the United Nations this morning. Our country is much stronger and much richer than it was when I took office less than two years ago. We are also MUCH safer!
Despite requests, I have no plans to meet Iranian President Hassan Rouhani. Maybe someday in the future. I am sure he is an absolutely lovely man!
Republican PaOur Steel Industry is the talk of the World. It has been given new life, and is thriving. Billions of Dollars is being spent on new plants all around the country!
The Democrats are working hard to destroy a wonderful man, and a man who has the potential to be one of our greatest Supreme CouREMEMBER THE MIDTERMS!
Prime Minster @AbeShinzo is coming up to Trump Tower for dinner but, most impoGoing to New York. Will be with Prime Minister Abe of Japan tonight, talking Military and Trade. We have done much to help Japan, would like to see more of a reciprocal relationship. It will all work out!
Tiger is playing great. Looks like a big win could happen. Very exciting! @TigerWoods
New Economic Records being set on a daily basis - and it is not by accident!
Throughout American history, the men and women of our Armed Forces have selflessly served our Country, making tremendous sacrifices to defend our libeSenator Feinstein and the Democrats held the letter for months, only to release it with a bang after the hearings were OVER - done very purposefully to Obstruct &amp, Resist &amp, Delay. Let her testify, or not, and TAKE THE VOTE!
Senator Feinstein and the Democrats held the letter for months, only to release it with a bang after the hearings were OVER - done very purposefully to Obstruct &amp, Resist &amp, Delay. Let her testify, or not, and TAKE THE VOTE!
....has been asked to review these documents on an expedited basis. I believe he will move quickly on this (and hopefully other things which he is looking at). In the end I can always declassify if it proves necessary. Speed is very impoI met with the DOJ concerning the declassification of various UNREDACTED documents. They agreed to release them but stated that so doing may have a perceived negative impact on the Russia probe. Also, key Allies’ called to ask not to release. Therefore, the Inspector General.....
The radical left lawyers want the FBI to get involved NOW. Why didn’t someone call the FBI 36 years ago?
I will Chair the United Nations Security Council meeting on Iran next week!
I have no doubt that, if the attack on Dr. Ford was as bad as she says, charges would have been immediately filed with local Law Enforcement Authorities by either her or her loving parents. I ask that she bring those filings forward so that we can learn date, time, and place!
Judge Brett Kavanaugh is a fine man, with an impeccable reputation, who is under assault by radical left wing politicians who don’t want to know the answers, they just want to destroy and delay. Facts don’t matter. I go through this with them every single day in D.C.
...NoArmy Master Sgt. Charles H. McDaniel, 32, of Vernon, Indiana, and Army Pfc. William H. Jones, 19, of Nash County, NoCongratulations to my good friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo on his HUGE election victory in Japan. I’m looking forward to many more years of working together. See you in New York next week!🇺🇸🇯🇵
.@JayWebberNJ is running for Congress in the 11th District of New Jersey. He is outstanding in every way. Strong on Borders, loves our Military and our Vets. Big Crime fighter. Jay has my Full and Total Endorsement!
S&amp,P 500 HITS ALL-TIME HIGH Congratulations USA!
I want to know, where is the money for Border Security and the WALL in this ridiculous Spending Bill, and where will it come from after the Midterms? Dems are obstructing Law Enforcement and Border Security. REPUBLICANS MUST FINALLY GET TOUGH!
....The thing that’s lacking is we can’t properly secure the Border because of the Democrats historic level of Obstruction.” Senator David Perdue of Georgia.
“We can’t secure the Border because of the Democrats historic level of Obstruction. The Presidents fed up with this. His agenda is working. The economy is growing at twice the rate it did under Obama. We’ve nominated and confirmed 68 Federal Judges, 26 CouWe protect the countries of the Middle East, they would not be safe for very long without us, and yet they continue to push for higher and higher oil prices! We will remember. The OPEC monopoly must get prices down now!
...that FEMA, our Military, and our First Responders, who are all unbelievable, are a disaster and not doing a good job. This will be a total lie, but that’s what they do, and everybody knows it!
Right now, everybody is saying what a great job we are doing with Hurricane Florence – and they are 100% correct. But don’t be fooled, at some point in the near future the Democrats will staHappy 71st Bi.....China has been taking advantage of the United States on Trade for many years. They also know that I am the one that knows how to stop it. There will be great and fast economic retaliation against China if our farmers, ranchers and/or industrial workers are targeted!
China has openly stated that they are actively trying to impact and change our election by attacking our farmers, ranchers and industrial workers because of their loyalty to me. What China does not understand is that these people are great patriots and fully understand that.....
....campaign, which is unprecedented in our history.” Congressman Peter King Really bad things were happening, but they are now being exposed. Big stuff!
Americans deserve to know the lowest drug price at their pharmacy, but “gag clauses” prevent your pharmacist from telling you! I suppoImmediately after Comey’s firing Peter Strzok texted to his lover, Lisa Page “We need to Open the case we’ve been waiting on now while Andy (McCabe, also fired) is acting. Page answered, “We need to lock in (redacted). In a formal chargeable way. Soon.” Wow, a conspiracy caught?
“Lisa Page Testimony- NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BEFORE MUELLER APPOINTMENT.” @FoxNews by Catherine Herridge. Therefore, the case should never have been allowed to be brought. It is a totally illegal Witch Hunt!
Tariffs have put the U.S. in a very strong bargaining position, with Billions of Dollars, and Jobs, flowing into our Country - and yet cost increases have thus far been almost unnoticeable. If countries will not make fair deals with us, they will be “Tariffed!”
“A lot of small &amp, medium size enterprises are registering very good profit, sometimes record profits-there stocks are doing very well, low income workers are getting big raises. There are an awful lot of good things going on that weren’t during Pres. Obama’s Watch.” Peter Morici
"Consumer Sentiment hit its highest level in 17 years this year. Sentiment fell 11% in 2015, an Obama year, and rose 16% since the Election, #TrumpTime!
Best economic numbers in decades. If the Democrats take control, kiss your newfound wealth goodbye!
Watch @MariaBaCongratulations to all of our Mexican friends on National Independence Day. We will be doing great things together!
Just watched Sunday Morning Futures with @MariaBaFEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are working really hard on hurricane Florence. As the storm begins to finally recede, they will kick into an even higher gear. Very Professional!
The illegal Mueller Witch Hunt continues in search of a crime. There was never Collusion with Russia, except by the Clinton campaign, so the 17 Angry Democrats are looking at anything they can find. Very unfair and BAD for the country. ALSO, not allowed under the LAW!
Hurricane Florence may now be dipping a bit south and hitting a poWhen will Republican leadership learn that they are being played like a fiddle by the Democrats on Border Security and Building the Wall? Without Borders, we don’t have a country. With Open Borders, which the Democrats want, we have nothing but crime! Finish the Wall!
While my (our) poll numbers are good, with the Economy being the best ever, if it weren’t for the Rigged Russian Witch Hunt, they would be 25 points higher! Highly conflicted Bob Mueller &amp, the 17 Angry Democrats are using this Phony issue to hu.@DannyTarkanian of Nevada is a great friend who suppoCongressman Keith Rothfus continues to do a great job for the people of Pennsylvania. Keith is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my total Endorsement!
Congressman Pete Sessions of Texas is doing a great job. He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and the Border, fight hard for our Second Amendment and loves our Military and our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement!
Thank you Brock – it is my honor!“We (@FEMA) have never had the suppoWhen President Obama said that he has been to “57 States,” very little mention in Fake News Media. Can you imagine if I said that...story of the year! @IngrahamAngle
....GWU Research to tell them how many people had died in Pue“When Trump visited the island territory last October, OFFICIALS told him in a briefing 16 PEOPLE had died from Maria.” The Washington Post. This was long AFTER the hurricane took place. Over many months it went to 64 PEOPLE. Then, like magic, “3000 PEOPLE KILLED.” They hired....
Great job FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement - not easy, very dangerous, tremendous talent. America is proud of you. Keep it all going - finish strong!
Incredible job being done by FEMA, First Responders, Law Enforcement and all. Thank you!
John Kerry had illegal meetings with the very hostile Iranian Regime, which can only serve to undercut our great work to the detriment of the American people. He told them to wait out the Trump Administration! Was he registered under the Foreign Agents Registration Act? BAD!
"Senator Debbie Stabenow and the Democrats are totally against approving the Farm Bill. They are fighting tooth and nail to not allow our Great Farmers to get what they so richly deserve. Work requirements are imperative and the Dems are a NO. Not good!
The Wall Street Journal has it wrong, we are under no pressure to make a deal with China, they are under pressure to make a deal with us. Our markets are surging, theirs are collapsing. We will soon be taking in Billions in Tariffs &amp, making products at home. If we meet, we meet?
.....This was done by the Democrats in order to make me look as bad as possible when I was successfully raising Billions of Dollars to help rebuild Pue3000 people did not die in the two hurricanes that hit Pue“Middle-Class Income Hits All-Time High!” @foxandfriends And will continue to rise (unless the Dems get in and destroy what we have built).
.....”It is a cesspool of corruption, and the people who did this need to be brought to justice.” @GreggJarrett
More text messages between former FBI employees Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are a disaster and embarrassment to the FBI &amp, DOJ. This should never have happened but we are learning more and more by the hour. “Others were leaking like mad” in order to get the President! ........
We are completely ready for hurricane Florence, as the storm gets even larger and more powerful. Be careful!
“I can say, as it relates to the Senate Intelligence Committee Investigation, that we have NO hard evidence of Collusion.” Richard Burr (R-NC) Senate Intelligence Committee, Chairman
Hurricane Florence is looking even bigger than anticipated. It will be arriving soon. FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready. Be safe!
We got A Pluses for our recent hurricane work in Texas and Florida (and did an unappreciated great job in Pue“The President has absolutely demonstrated no wrongdoing whatsoever &amp, that the Special Counsel has no evidence of any wrongdoing. In other words, it’s time to end this Witch Hunt.” @LouDobbs Russian “collusion” was just an excuse by the Democrats for having lost the Election!
Crazy Maxine Waters: “After we impeach Trump, we’ll go after Mike Pence. We’ll get him.” @FoxNews Where are the Democrats coming from? The best Economy in the history of our country would totally collapse if they ever took control!
....giving the information, and causing the appointment of a Special C without having the courage of his own convictions.....” Alan Dershowitz @TuckerCarlson In other words, the whole thing was illegally and very unfairly set up?
“You know who’s at fault for this more than anyone else, Comey, because he leaked information and laundered it through a professor at Columbia Law School. Shame on that professor, and shame on Comey. He snuck the information to a law professor who collaborated with him in........
17 years since September 11th!
DepaRudy Giuliani did a GREAT job as Mayor of NYC during the period of September 11th. His leadership, bravery and skill must never be forgotten. Rudy is a TRUE WARRIOR!
“ERIC Holder could be running the Justice DepaNew Strzok-Page texts reveal “Media Leak Strategy.” @FoxNews So terrible, and NOTHING is being done at DOJ or FBI - but the world is watching, and they get it completely.
Chuck Schumer is holding up 320 appointments (Ambassadors, Executives, etc.) of great people who have left jobs and given up so much in order to come into Government. Schumer and the Democrats continue to OBSTRUCT!
To the incredible citizens of NoThe Storms in the Atlantic are very dangerous. We encourage anyone in the path of these storms to prepare themselves and to heed the warnings of State and Local officials. The Federal Government is closely monitoring and ready to assist. We are with you!
“President Trump would need a magic wand to get to 4% GDP,” stated President Obama. I guess I have a magic wand, 4.2%, and we will do MUCH better than this! We have just begun.
The Economy is soooo good, perhaps the best in our country’s history (remember, it’s the economy stupid!), that the Democrats are flailing &amp, lying like CRAZY! Phony books, a“It is mostly anonymous sources in here, why should anyone trust you? General Mattis, General Kelly said it’s not true.” @SavannahGuthrie @TODAYshow Bob Woodward is a liar who is like a Dem operative prior to the Midterms. He was caught cold, even by NBC.
“I’m taking this book with a grain of salt &amp, everyone should do the same. Multiple sources, but almost every one of them has come out and discredited the claims made by Woodward. You cannot take this book too seriously.” Katelyn Caralle, Washington Examiner
The White House is a “smooth running machine.” We are making some of the biggest and most impoThe White House is running beautifully. We are making some of the greatest and most impoThe Woodward book is a Joke - just another assault against me, in a barrage of assaults, using now disproven unnamed and anonymous sources. Many have already come forward to say the quotes by them, like the book, are fiction. Dems can’t stand losing. I’ll write the real book!
If the Democrats had won the Election in 2016, GDP, which was about 1% and going down, would have been minus 4% instead of up 4.2%. I opened up our beautiful economic engine with Regulation and Tax Cuts. Our system was choking and would have been made worse. Still plenty to do!
The GDP Rate (4.2%) is higher than the Unemployment Rate (3.9%) for the first time in over 100 years!
Melania and I wish all Jewish people Shana Tova and send our warmest greetings to those celebrating Rosh Hashanah and the sta...its commitment to denuclearize.” @FoxNews This is a big and very positive statement from NoNoWow, NFL first game ratings are way down over an already really bad last year comparison. Viewership declined 13%, the lowest in over a decade. If the players stood proudly for our Flag and Anthem, and it is all shown on broadcast, maybe ratings could come back? Otherwise worse!
“Trump has set Economic Growth on fire. During his time in office, the economy has achieved feats most expeIf the U.S. sells a car into China, there is a tax of 25%. If China sells a car into the U.S., there is a tax of 2%. Does anybody think that is FAIR? The days of the U.S. being ripped-off by other nations is OVER!
“Ford has abruptly killed a plan to sell a Chinese-made small vehicle in the U.S. because of the prospect of higher U.S. Tariffs.” CNBC. This is just the beginning. This car can now be BUILT IN THE U.S.A. and Ford will pay no tariffs!
“Barack Obama talked a lot about hope, but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream. All the economic indicators, what’s happening overseas, Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barack Obama. President Trump is delivering the American Dream.” Jason Chaffetz
“Barrack Obama talked a lot about hope, but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream. All the economic indicators, what’s happening overseas, Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barrack Obama. President Trump is delivering the American Dream.” Jason Chaffetz
The Dems have tried every trick in the playbook-call me everything under the sun. But if I’m all of those terrible things, how come I beat them so badly, 306-223? Maybe they’re just not very good! The fact is they are going CRAZY only because they know they can’t beat me in 2020!
Republicans are doing really well with the Senate Midterms. Races that we were not even thinking about winning are now very close, or even leading. Election night will be very interesting indeed!
Our Social Media (and beyond) Stars, @DiamondandSilk, are terrific people who are doing really well. We are all very proud of them, and their great success!
So true! “Mr. Trump remains the single most popular figure in the Republican PaApple prices may increase because of the massive Tariffs we may be imposing on China - but there is an easy solution where there would be ZERO tax, and indeed a tax incentive. Make your products in the United States instead of China. StaWe are breaking all Jobs and Economic Records but, impo“To this point, President Trump’s achievements are unprecedented.” @LouDobbs
Dave Hughes is running for Congress in the Great State of Minnesota. He will help us accomplish our America First policies, is strong on Crime, the Border, our 2nd Amendmen, Trade, Military and Vets. Running against Pelosi Liberal Puppet Petterson. Dave has my Total Endorsement!
14 days for $28 MILLION - $2 MILLION a day, No Collusion. A great day for America!
Under our horrible immigration laws, the Government is frequently blocked from depoThe Woodward book is a scam. I don’t talk the way I am quoted. If I did I would not have been elected President. These quotes were made up. The author uses every trick in the book to demean and belittle. I wish the people could see the real facts - and our country is doing GREAT!
Matt Rosendale will be a Great Senator from a Great State, Montana! He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and the Border, fight hard for our 2nd Amendment and loves our Military and our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement!
What was Nike thinking?
Getting ready to go on stage for Matt Rosendale, who will be a great Senator. Jon Tester has let the people of Montana down &amp, does not deserve another six years. Matt is strong on Crime, the Borders, &amp, will save your Second Amendment from the onslaught. Loves our Military &amp, Vets!
Landing in Montana now to suppoAre the investigative “journalists” of the New York Times going to investigate themselves - who is the anonymous letter writer?
“The record is quite remarkable. The President has faithfully followed the agenda he campaigned on in 2016. People should focus on the results, and they’re extraordinary!” James Freeman - Wall Street Journal
Cosumer confidence highest in 18 years, Atlanta Fed forecasts 4.7 GDP, manufacturing jobs highest in many years. “It’s the story of the Trump Administration, the Economic Success, that’s unnerving his detractors.” @MariaBaThe Deep State and the Left, and their vehicle, the Fake News Media, are going Crazy - &amp, they don’t know what to do. The Economy is booming like never before, Jobs are at Historic Highs, soon TWO Supreme CouKim Jong Un of NoDoes the so-called “Senior Administration Official” really exist, or is it just the Failing New York Times with another phony source? If the GUTLESS anonymous person does indeed exist, the Times must, for National Security purposes, turn him/her over to government at once!
TREASON?
Congratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night. Your will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan, and your win in November will make the entire State of Wisconsin very proud. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
Just like the NFL, whose ratings have gone WAY DOWN, Nike is getting absolutely killed with anger and boycotts. I wonder if they had any idea that it would be this way? As far as the NFL is concerned, I just find it hard to watch, and always will, until they stand for the FLAG!
The Trump Economy is booming with help of House and Senate GOP. #FarmBill with SNAP work requirements will bolster farmers and get America back to work. Pass the Farm Bill with SNAP work requirements!
Almost everyone agrees that my Administration has done more in less than two years than any other Administration in the history of our Country. I’m tough as hell on people &amp, if I weren’t, nothing would get done. Also, I question everybody &amp, everything-which is why I got elected!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake NBC News said it’s time for the Press to stop complaining and to staThe Woodward book has already been refuted and discredited by General (Secretary of Defense) James Mattis and General (Chief of Staff) John Kelly. Their quotes were made up frauds, a con on the public. Likewise other stories and quotes. Woodward is a Dem operative? Notice timing?
....looking to inflict pain and embarrassment to one of the most highly renowned jurists to ever appear before Congress. So sad to see!
The Brett Kavanaugh hearings for the future Justice of the Supreme CouJon Kyl will be an extraordinary Senator representing an extraordinary state, Arizona. I look forward to working with him!
NBC FAKE NEWS, which is under intense scrutiny over their killing the Harvey Weinstein story, is now fumbling around making excuses for their probably highly unethical conduct. I have long criticized NBC and their journalistic standards-worse than even CNN. Look at their license?
President Bashar al-Assad of Syria must not recklessly attack Idlib Province. The Russians and Iranians would be making a grave humanitarian mistake to take paAccording to the Failing New York Times, the FBI staI see that John Kerry, the father of the now terminated Iran deal, is thinking of running for President. I should only be so lucky - although the field that is currently assembling looks really good - FOR ME!
....The Democrats, none of whom voted for Jeff Sessions, must love him now. Same thing with Lyin’ James Comey. The Dems all hated him, wanted him out, thought he was disgusting - UNTIL I FIRED HIM! Immediately he became a wonderful man, a saint like figure in fact. Really sick!
Two long running, Obama era, investigations of two very popular Republican Congressmen were brought to a well publicized charge, just ahead of the Mid-Terms, by the Jeff Sessions Justice DepaRichard Trumka, the head of the AFL-CIO, represented his union poorly on television this weekend. Some of the things he said were so against the working men and women of our country, and the success of the U.S. itself, that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly. A Dem!
The Worker in America is doing better than ever before. Celebrate Labor Day!
Happy Labor Day! Our country is doing better than ever before with unemployment setting record lows. The U.S. has tremendous upside potential as we go about fixing some of the worst Trade Deals ever made by any country in the world. Big progress being made!
Richard Trumka, the head of the AFL-CIO, represented his union poorly on television this weekend. Some of the things he said were so againt the working men and women of our country, and the success of the U.S. itself, that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly. A Dem!
....The fact is that African/American unemployment is now the lowest in the history of our country. Same with Asian, Hispanic and almost every other group. The Democrats have been all talk and no action. My Administration has already produced like no other, and everyone sees it!
Tiger Woods showed great class in the way he answered the question about the Office of the Presidency and me. Now they say the so-called “left” is angry at him. So sad, but the “center &amp, right” loves Tiger, Kanye, George Foreman, Jim Brown &amp, so many other greats, even more.......
“There is no possible way the Trump Tower meeting between Don Trump jr and a couple of Russians, who have very deep connections to both the Clintons &amp, Fusion GPS, &amp, where no information on the Clintons was exchanged, is a crime. Dems are blinded by their hatred of Trump.” Bongino
“No information was ever given by the Trump Team to Russia, yet the Hillary Clinton campaign paid for information from Kremlin sources and just washed it through an intermediary, Christopher Steele.” Jesse Waters
....positions of power. That’s pa“There’s no fairness here, if you’re a Democrat or a friend of Hillary you get immunity or off scott free. If you’re connected to Donald Trump, you get people like RobeWe shouldn’t have to buy our friends with bad Trade Deals and Free Military Protection!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
No Deal! Trade Talks with Canada Conclude for the Week with No Agreement | Breitba....Remember, NAFTA was one of the WORST Trade Deals ever made. The U.S. lost thousands of businesses and millions of jobs. We were far better off before NAFTA - should never have been signed. Even the Vat Tax was not accounted for. We make new deal or go back to pre-NAFTA!
Bill DeBlasio, the high taxing Mayor of NYC, just stole my campaign slogan: PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT! That’s not at all nice. No imagination! @foxandfriends
There is no political necessity to keep Canada in the new NAFTA deal. If we don’t make a fair deal for the U.S. after decades of abuse, Canada will be out. Congress should not interfere w/ these negotiations or I will simply terminate NAFTA entirely &amp, we will be far better off...
There is no political necessity to keep Canada in the new NAFTA deal. If we don’t make a fair deal for the U.S. after decade of abuse, Canada will be out. Congress should not interfere with these negotiations or I will simply terminate NAFTA entirely &amp, we will be far better off..
....Donald Trump, and now we find out that there wasn’t even a hearing - that Donald Trump’s 4th Amendment right to privacy was signed away...and someone in there is swearing that this stuff is true, when it wasn’t? This is the scandal here - a police state.” Dan Bongino
“You have a Fake Dossier, gathered by Steele, paid by the Clinton team to get information on Trump. The Dossier is Fake, nothing in it has been verified. It then filters into our American cou....of the DOJ &amp, FBI are completely out to lunch in terms of exposing and holding those accountable who are responsible for that corruption.” @TomFitton @JudicialWatch
RepoI love Canada, but they’ve taken advantage of our Country for many years!
“I think today what has happened is that news repoStill can’t believe that Bloomberg violated a firm OFF THE RECORD statement. Will they put out an apology?
Great day in NoThe ABC/Washington Post Poll was by far the least accurate one 2 weeks out from the 2016 Election. I call it a suppression poll - but by Election Day they brought us, out of shame, to about even. They will never learn!
.@Rasmussen_Poll just came out at 48% approval rate despite the constant and intense Fake News. Higher than Election Day and higher than President Obama. Rasmussen was one of the most accurate Election Day polls!
Wow, I made OFF THE RECORD COMMENTS to Bloomberg concerning Canada, and this powerful understanding was BLATANTLY VIOLATED. Oh well, just more dishonest repoI will be doing a major rally for Senator Ted Cruz in October. I’m picking the biggest stadium in Texas we can find. As you know, Ted has my complete and total Endorsement. His opponent is a disaster for Texas - weak on Second Amendment, Crime, Borders, Military, and Vets!
Kevin Stitt ran a great winning campaign against a very tough opponent in Oklahoma. Kevin is a very successful businessman who will be a fantastic Governor. He is strong on Crime &amp, Borders, the 2nd Amendment, &amp, loves our Military &amp, Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
CNN is working frantically to find their “source.” Look hard because it doesn’t exist. Whatever was left of CNN’s credibility is now gone!
Will be going to Evansville, Indiana, tonight for a big crowd rally with Mike Braun, a very successful businessman who is campaigning to be Indiana’s next U.S. Senator. He is strong on Crime &amp, Borders, the 2nd Amendment, and loves our Military &amp, Vets. Will be a big night!
I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Counsel! I liked Don, but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake RepoThe Rigged Russia Witch Hunt did not come into play, even a little bit, with respect to my decision on Don McGahn!
Wow, Nellie Ohr, Bruce Ohr’s wife, is a Russia expeI am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Councel! I liked Don, but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake RepoThe only thing James Comey ever got right was when he said that President Trump was not under investigation!
The news from the Financial Markets is even better than anticipated. For all of you that have made a foI just cannot state strongly enough how totally dishonest much of the Media is. Truth doesn’t matter to them, they only have their hatred &amp, agenda. This includes fake books, which come out about me all the time, always anonymous sources, and are pure fiction. Enemy of the People!
What’s going on at @CNN is happening, to different degrees, at other networks - with @NBCNews being the worst. The good news is that Andy Lack(y) is about to be fired(?) for incompetence, and much worse. When Lester Holt got caught fudging my tape on Russia, they were huThe hatred and extreme bias of me by @CNN has clouded their thinking and made them unable to function. But actually, as I have always said, this has been going on for a long time. Little Jeff Z has done a terrible job, his ratings suck, &amp, AT&amp,T should fire him to save credibility!
...of money on joint U.S.-South Korea war games. Besides, the President can instantly sta...considerable aid, including money, fuel, feSTATEMENT FROM THE WHITE HOUSEPresident Donald J. Trump feels strongly that NoHow the hell is Bruce Ohr still employed at the Justice DepaConsumer Confidence Index, just out, is the HIGHEST IN 18 YEARS! Also, GDP revised upward to 4.2 from 4.1. Our country is doing great!
White House Counsel Don McGahn will be leaving his position in the fall, shoMaWhen you see “anonymous source,” stop reading the story, it is fiction!
“Anonymous Sources are really staBig Election Wins last night! The Republican Pa“Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid for information from the Russian government to use against her government - there’s no doubt about that!” @TuckerCarlson
“The Obama people did something that’s never been done...They spied on a rival presidential campaign. Would it be OK if Trump did it next? I am losing faith that our system is on the level. I’m beginning to think it is rotten &amp, corrupt. Scary stuff Obama did.” @TuckerCarlson DOJ
Not only did Congressman Ron DeSantis easily win the Republican Primary, but his opponent in November is his biggest dream....a failed Socialist Mayor named Andrew Gillum who has allowed crime &amp, many other problems to flourish in his city. This is not what Florida wants or needs!
“Hillary Clinton clearly got a pass by the FBI. We have the unfoMaHillary Clinton’s Emails, many of which are Classified Information, got hacked by China. Next move better be by the FBI &amp, DOJ or, after all of their other missteps (Comey, McCabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr, FISA, DiNew Poll - A majority of Americans think that John Brennan and James Comey should have their Security Clearances Revoked. Not surprised! @FoxNews
Our new Trade Deal with Mexico focuses on FARMERS, GROWTH for our country, tearing down TRADE BARRIERS, JOBS and having companies continue to POUR BACK INTO OUR COUNTRY. It will be a big hit!
Add the 2026 World Cup to our long list of accomplishments!
RepoCongratulations to Governor Rick Scott of Florida on his conclusive Republican Primary Win. He will be a great Senator!
Such a fantastic win for Ron DeSantis and the people of the Great State of Florida. Ron will be a fantastic Governor. On to November!
....results on “Trump News” are from National Left-Wing Media, very dangerous. Google &amp, others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can &amp, cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed!
Google search results for “Trump News” shows only the viewing/repoI smile at Senators and others talking about how good free trade is for the U.S. What they don’t say is that we lose Jobs and over 800 Billion Dollars a year on really dumb Trade Deals....and these same countries Tariff us to death. These lawmakers are just fine with this!
NASDAQ has just gone above 8000 for the first time in history!
“President Trump has done more for minority groups in this country than any president in decades.” @LouDobbs
....results on “Trump News” are from National Left-Wing Media, very dangerous. Google &amp, others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can &amp, cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed!
Governor Doug Ducey of Arizona is doing a great job. It would be really nice to show your suppoCongressman Ron DeSantis is a special person who has done an incredible job. He is running in Tuesdays Primary for Governor of Florida....Strong on Crime, Borders and wants Low Taxes. He will be a great Governor and has my full and total Endorsement!
Rick Scott of Florida is doing a fantastic job as Governor. Jobs are pouring into the State and its economic health is better than ever before. He is strong on Crime, Borders, and loves our Military and Vets. Vote for Rick on Tuesday!
A big deal looking good with Mexico!
The Fake News Media worked hard to get Tiger Woods to say something that he didn’t want to say. Tiger wouldn’t play the game - he is very smaThank you to the great @JimBrownNFL32, perhaps the greatest running back of all time, for your wonderful words and suppoOver 90% approval rating for your all time favorite (I hope) President within the Republican Pa“Mainstream Media tries to rewrite history to credit Obama for Trump accomplishments. Since President Trump took office, the economy is booming. The stronger the economy gets, the more desperate his critics are. O had weakest recovery since Great Depression.” @WashTimes
Fantastic numbers on consumer spending released on Friday. Stock Market hits all time high!
My deepest sympathies and respect go out to the family of Senator John McCain. Our heaStock Market hit all time high on Friday. Congratulations U.S.A.!
Our relationship with Mexico is getting closer by the hour. Some really good people within both the new and old government, and all working closely together....A big Trade Agreement with Mexico could be happening soon!
“The FBI looked at less than 1%” of Crooked’s Emails!
“The FBI only looked at 3000 of 675,000 Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails.” They purposely didn’t look at the disasters. This news is just out. @FoxNews
Big story out that the FBI ignored tens of thousands of Crooked Hillary Emails, many of which are REALLY BAD. Also gave false election info. I feel sure that we will soon be getting to the bottom of all of this corruption. At some point I may have to get involved!
.@LindseyGrahamSC “Every President deserves an Attorney General they have confidence in. I believe every President has a right to their Cabinet, these are not lifetime appointments. You serve at the pleasure of the President.”
Jeff Sessions said he wouldn’t allow politics to influence him only because he doesn’t understand what is happening underneath his command position. Highly conflicted Bob Mueller and his gang of 17 Angry Dems are having a field day as real corruption goes untouched. No Collusion!
Michaels Cohen’s attorney clarified the record, saying his client does not know if President Trump knew about the Trump Tower meeting (out of which came nothing!). The answer is that I did NOT know about the meeting. Just another phony story by the Fake News Media!
Great to see the Senate working on solutions to end the secrecy around ridiculously high drug prices, something I called for in my drug pricing Blueprint. Will now work with the House to help American patients! #AmericanPatientsFirst
Congratulations to new Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison. There are no greater friends than the United States and Australia!
...Secretary Pompeo looks forward to going to No...Additionally, because of our much tougher Trading stance with China, I do not believe they are helping with the process of denuclearization as they once were (despite the UN Sanctions which are in place)...
Social Media Giants are silencing millions of people. Can’t do this even if it means we must continue to hear Fake News like CNN, whose ratings have suffered gravely. People have to figure out what is real, and what is not, without censorship!
Ex-NSA contractor to spend 63 months in jail over “classified” information. Gee, this is “small potatoes” compared to what Hillary Clinton did! So unfair Jeff, Double Standard.
....FISA abuse, Christopher Steele &amp, his phony and corrupt Dossier, the Clinton Foundation, illegal surveillance of Trump Campaign, Russian collusion by Dems - and so much more. Open up the papers &amp, documents without redaction? Come on Jeff, you can do it, the country is waiting!
...Cindy has voted for our Agenda in the Senate 100% of the time and has my complete and total Endorsement. We need Cindy to win in Mississippi!
.@cindyhydesmith has helped me put America First! She’s strong on the Wall, is helping me create Jobs, loves our Vets and fights for our conservative judges...
I have asked Secretary of State @SecPompeo to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. “South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers.” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
I have asked Secretary of State @MikePompeo4USA to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. “South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers.” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
The only thing that I have done wrong is to win an election that was expected to be won by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. The problem is, they forgot to campaign in numerous states!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt tomorrow from 6:00 A.M. to 9:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Longest bull run in the history of the stock market, congratulations America!
Thank you to Democrat Assemblyman Dov Hikind of New York for your very gracious remarks on @foxandfriends for our depoMichael Cohen plead guilty to two counts of campaign finance violations that are not a crime. President Obama had a big campaign finance violation and it was easily settled!
A large number of counts, ten, could not even be decided in the Paul ManafoI feel very badly for Paul ManafoIf anyone is looking for a good lawyer, I would strongly suggest that you don’t retain the services of Michael Cohen!
Just landed in West Virginia. Big crowd, looking forward to seeing everyone soon! #MAGA
To the incredible people of the Great State of Wyoming: Go VOTE TODAY for Foster Friess - He will be a fantastic Governor! Strong on Crime, Borders &amp, 2nd Amendment. Loves our Military &amp, our Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
Big Rally tonight in West Virginia. Patrick Morrisey is running a GREAT race for U.S. Senate. I have done so much for West Virginia, against all odds, and having Patrick, a real fighter, by my side, would make things so much easier. See you later. CLEAN COAL!!!!
I am sorry to have to reiterate that there are serious and unpleasant consequences to crossing the Border into the United States ILLEGALLY! If there were no serious consequences, our country would be overrun with people trying to get in, and our system could not handle it!
Fake News, of which there is soooo much (this time the very tired New Yorker) falsely repoEven James Clapper has admonished John Brennan for having gone totally off the rails. Maybe Clapper is being nice to me so he doesn’t lose his Security Clearance for lying to Congress!
A Blue Wave means Crime and Open Borders. A Red Wave means Safety and Strength!
I am hearing so many great things about the Republican PaWill be going to the Great State of West Virginia on Tuesday Night to campaign &amp, do a Rally Speech for a hard working and spectacular person, A.G. Patrick Morrisey, who is running for the U.S. Senate. Patrick has great Energy &amp, Stamina-I need his VOTE to MAGA. Total Endorsement!
Just watched former Intelligence Official Phillip Mudd become totally unglued and weird while debating wonderful @PARISDENNARD over Brennan’s Security Clearance. Dennard destroyed him but Mudd is in no mental condition to have such a Clearance. Should be REVOKED? @seanhannity
It is outrageous that Poisonous Synthetic Heroin Fentanyl comes pouring into the U.S. Postal System from China. We can, and must, END THIS NOW! The Senate should pass the STOP ACT – and firmly STOP this poison from killing our children and destroying our country. No more delay!
“Bruce Ohr is at the center of FALSE ALLEGATIONS which led to a multi-million dollar investigation into what apparently didn’t happen.” Darrell Issa, House Oversight. We can take out the word “apparently.” @FoxNews
Will Bruce Ohr, whose family received big money for helping to create the phony, diEverybody wants to keep their Security Clearance, it’s woI hope John Brennan, the worst CIA Director in our country’s history, brings a lawsuit. It will then be very easy to get all of his records, texts, emails and documents to show not only the poor job he did, but how he was involved with the Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt. He won’t sue!
Where’s the Collusion? They made up a phony crime called Collusion, and when there was no Collusion they say there was Obstruction (of a phony crime that never existed). If you FIGHT BACK or say anything bad about the Rigged Witch Hunt, they scream Obstruction!
....looking for trouble. They are enjoying ruining people’s lives and REFUSE to look at the real corruption on the Democrat side - the lies, the firings, the deleted Emails and soooo much more! Mueller’s Angry Dems are looking to impact the election. They are a National Disgrace!
Disgraced and discredited Bob Mueller and his whole group of Angry Democrat Thugs spent over 30 hours with the White House Councel, only with my approval, for purposes of transparency. Anybody needing that much time when they know there is no Russian Collusion is just someone....
Study the late Joseph McCaSome members of the media are very Angry at the Fake Story in the New York Times. They actually called to complain and apologize - a big step forward. From the day I announced, the Times has been Fake News, and with their disgusting new Board Member, it will only get worse!
The Failing New York Times wrote a story that made it seem like the White House Councel had TURNED on the President, when in fact it is just the opposite - &amp, the two Fake repoNo Collusion and No Obstruction, except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. All of the resignations and corruption, yet heavily conflicted Bob Mueller refuses to even look in that direction. What about the Brennan, Comey, McCabe, Strzok lies to Congress, or Crooked’s Emails!
The failing @nytimes wrote a Fake piece today implying that because White House Councel Don McGahn was giving hours of testimony to the Special Councel, he must be a John Dean type “RAT.” But I allowed him and all others to testify - I didn’t have to. I have nothing to hide......
I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn, and all other requested members of the White House Staff, to fully cooperate with the Special Counsel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion, No Obstruction. Witch Hunt!
I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn, and all other requested members of the White House Staff, to fully cooperate with the Special Councel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion, No Obstruction. Witch Hunt!
The Economy is stronger and better than ever before. ImpoGreat Job Rachel Campos-Duffy on @foxandfriends.
All of the fools that are so focused on looking only at Russia should sta....Too many voices are being destroyed, some good &amp, some bad, and that cannot be allowed to happen. Who is making the choices, because I can already tell you that too many mistakes are being made. Let everybody pa.....Censorship is a very dangerous thing &amp, absolutely impossible to police. If you are weeding out Fake News, there is nothing so Fake as CNN &amp, MSNBC, &amp, yet I do not ask that their sick behavior be removed. I get used to it and watch with a grain of salt, or don’t watch at all..
Social Media is totally discriminating against Republican/Conservative voices. Speaking loudly and clearly for the Trump Administration, we won’t let that happen. They are closing down the opinions of many people on the RIGHT, while at the same time doing nothing to others.......
....financial gain is a Federal Gratuity Statute Violation, Bribery Statute Violation, Honest Services Violation....all Major Crimes....because the DOJ is run by BLANK Jeff Sessions......” Gregg Jarrett. So when does Mueller do what must be done? Probably never! @FoxNews
“Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy, it’s astonishing that he’s still employed. Bruce &amp, Nelly Ohr’s bank account is getting fatter &amp, fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesn’t disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal.......
“Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy, it’s astonishingthat he’s still employed. Bruce &amp, Nelly Ohr’s bank account is getting fatter &amp, fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesn’t disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal.......
“Fox News has learned that Bruce Ohr wrote Christopher Steele following the firing of James Comey saying that he was afraid the anti-Trump Russia probe will be exposed.” Charles Payne @FoxBusiness How much more does Mueller have to see? They have blinders on - RIGGED!
...I say Andrew’s was a bigger and more incompetent blunder. He should easily win his race against a Super Liberal Actress, but his political career is over!
Which is worse, Hightax Andrew Cuomo's statement, “WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT” or Hillary Clinton’s “DEPLORABLES” statement...
When a politician admits that “We’re not going to make America great again,” there doesn’t seem to be much reason to ever vote for him. This could be a career threatening statement by Andrew Cuomo, with many wanting him to resign-he will get higher ratings than his brother Chris!
Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about America’s lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again, just look at the markets, jobs, military- setting records, and we will do even better. Andrew “choked” badly, mistake!
Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about America’s lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again, just look at the markets, jobs, military- setting records, and we will do even better. Andrew “chocked” badly, mistake!
The U.S. has more than double the growth rate than it had 18 months ago.
Just announced, youth unemployment is at a 50 year low! @foxandfriends
“John Brennan is a stain on the Country, we deserve better than this.” Former Secret Service Agent and author of new book, “Spygate, the Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump,” Dan Bongino. Thank you Dan, and good luck with the book!
....attend the big parade already scheduled at Andrews Air Force Base on a different date, &amp, go to the Paris parade, celebrating the end of the War, on November 11th. Maybe we will do something next year in D.C. when the cost comes WAY DOWN. Now we can buy some more jet fighters!
The local politicians who run Washington, D.C. (poorly) know a windfall when they see it. When asked to give us a price for holding a great celebratory military parade, they wanted a number so ridiculously high that I cancelled it. Never let someone hold you up! I will instead...
How does a politician, Cuomo, known for pushing people and businesses out of his state, not to mention having the highest taxes in the U.S., survive making the statement, WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT? Which section of the sentence is worse?
In speaking with some of the world’s top business leaders I asked what it is that would make business (jobs) even better in the U.S. “Stop qua.....released in 2017. If his statement is based on intelligence he has seen since leaving office, it constitutes an intelligence breach......” Richard Burr (R-NC) Senate Intel Cmte Chair @LouDobbs
“Director Brennan’s recent statements purpo“....An incredibly corrupt FBI &amp, DOJ trying to steer the outcome of a Presidential Election. Brennan has gone off the deep end, he’s disgraced and discredited himself. His conduct has been outrageous.” Chris Farrell, Judicial Watch.
How can “Senator” Richard Blumenthal, who went around for twenty years as a Connecticut politician bragging that he was a great Marine war hero in Vietnam (then got caught and sobbingly admitted he was neither a Marine nor ever in Vietnam), pass judgement on anyone? Loser!
.@TuckerCarlson speaking of John Brennan: “How did somebody so obviously limited intellectually get to be CIA Director in the first place?” Now that is a really good question! Then followed by “Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut is a FAKE War Hero...” So true, a total Fake!
“Very concerned about Comey’s firing, afraid they will be exposed,” said Bruce Ohr. DOJ’s Emails &amp, Notes show Bruce Ohr’s connection to (phony &amp, discredited) Trump Dossier. A creep thinking he would get caught in a dishonest act. Rigged Witch Hunt!
“While Steele shopped the document to multiple media outlets, he also asked for help with a RUSSIAN Oligarch.” Catherine Herridge of @FoxNews @LouDobbs In other words, they were colluding with Russia!
“The FBI received documents from Bruce Ohr (of the Justice DepaTurkey has taken advantage of the United States for many years. They are now holding our wonderful Christian Pastor, who I must now ask to represent our Country as a great patriot hostage. We will pay nothing for the release of an innocent man, but we are cutting back on Turkey!
The Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin, is dead. She was a great woman, with a wonderful gift from God, her voice. She will be missed!
There is nothing that I would want more for our Country than true FREEDOM OF THE PRESS. The fact is that the Press is FREE to write and say anything it wants, but much of what it says is FAKE NEWS, pushing a political agenda or just plain trying to huThe Boston Globe, which was sold to the the Failing New York Times for 1.3 BILLION DOLLARS (plus 800 million dollars in losses &amp, investment), or 2.1 BILLION DOLLARS, was then sold by the Times for 1 DOLLAR. Now the Globe is in COLLUSION with other papers on free press. PROVE IT!
THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE OPPOSITION PAOur Economy is doing better than ever. Money is pouring into our cherished DOLLAR like rarely before, companies earnings are higher than ever, inflation is low &amp, business optimism is higher than it has ever been. For the first time in many decades, we are protecting our workers!
“I’d strip the whole bunch of them. They’re all corrupt. They’ve all abused their power. They’ve all betrayed the American people with a political agenda. They tried to steal and influence an election in the United States.” @seanhannity
Mark Levin “When they had power they didn’t stop the Russians, the Chinese, the No“WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT.” Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U.S., Andrew Cuomo, having a total meltdown!
“WE’RE NOT GONG TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT.” Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U.S., Andrew Cuomo, having a total meltdown!
Our Country was built on Tariffs, and Tariffs are now leading us to great new Trade Deals - as opposed to the horrible and unfair Trade Deals that I inherited as your President. Other Countries should not be allowed to come in and steal the wealth of our great U.S.A. No longer!
Happy Bi“The action (the Strzok firing) was a decisive step in the right direction in correcting the wrongs committed by what has been described as Comey’s skinny inner circle.” Chris Swecker, former FBI Assistant Director.
The Rigged Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on as the “originators and founders” of this scam continue to be fired and demoted for their corrupt and illegal activity. All credibility is gone from this terrible Hoax, and much more will be lost as it proceeds. No Collusion!
My friend and very early suppoIt is about time that Connecticut had a real and talented Governor. Bob Stefanowski is the person needed to do the job. Tough on crime, Bob is also a big cutter of Taxes. He will win in November and make a Great Governor, a major difference maker. Bob has my total Endorsement!
.@PeteStauber won big last night in Minnesota. A big star in Hockey, he will be an even bigger star in politics. It all begins with a win in November. Pete has my complete and total Endorsement!
“People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who entered the U.S. legally.” Chuck Schumer in 2009, before he went left and haywire! @foxandfriends
Congratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night. You will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan, and your win in November will make the entire State of Wisconsin very proud. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
Jeff Johnson of Minnesota had a big night in winning the Republican nomination for Governor against a very strong and well known opponent! Thanks for all of the suppoScott Walker is very special and will have another great win in November. He has done a fantastic job as Governor of Wisconsin and will always have my full suppoCongratulations to Leah Vukmir of Wisconsin on your great win last night. You beat a very tough and good competitor and will make a fantastic Senator after winning in November against someone who has done very little. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
“People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who enters the U.S. legally.” Chuck Schumer in 2009, before he went left and haywire! @foxandfriends
Great Republican election results last night. So far we have the team we want. 8 for 9 in Special Elections. Red Wave!
Lou Dobbs: “This cannot go forward...this Special Counsel with all of his conflicts, with his 17 Angry Democrats, without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia. The Dems are the ones who should be investigated.” Thank you Lou, so true!
Strzok staFired FBI Agent Peter Strzok is a fraud, as is the rigged investigation he sta“They were all in on it, clear Hillary Clinton and FRAME Donald Trump for things he didn’t do.” Gregg Jarrett on @foxandfriends If we had a real Attorney General, this Witch Hunt would never have been staBruce Ohr of the “Justice” DepaAnother terrorist attack in London...These animals are crazy and must be dealt with through toughness and strength!
When you give a crazed, crying lowlife a break, and give her a job at the White House, I guess it just didn’t work out. Good work by General Kelly for quickly firing that dog!
Lou Dobbs: “This cannot go forward...this Special Councel with all of his conflicts, with his 17 Angry Democrats, without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia. The Dems are the ones who should be investigated.” Thank you Lou, so true!
....should be shut down. The Strzok firing shows that the fundamental underpinnings of the investigation were corrupt. It should be shut down by the cou....guy was corrupt and had anti-Trump animus. Strzok and others at the FBI should be criminally investigated for the way the conducted this investigation. Instead, Mueller is pretending nothing went wrong. He used Strzok, he used the Clinton DNC Dossier...the whole thing....
Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch: “The Strzok firing is as much about the Mueller operation as anything else. There would be no Mueller Special Councel to investigate so called collusion but for the machinations of Strzok &amp, his colleagues at the top levels of the FBI. We know this...
....such wonderful and powerful things about me - a true Champion of Civil Rights - until she got fired. Omarosa had Zero credibility with the Media (they didn’t want interviews) when she worked in the White House. Now that she says bad about me, they will talk to her. Fake News!
.@MarkBurnettTV called to say that there are NO TAPES of the Apprentice where I used such a terrible and disgusting word as attributed by Wacky and Deranged Omarosa. I don’t have that word in my vocabulary, and never have. She made it up. Look at her MANY recent quotes saying....
Scott Walker of Wisconsin is a tremendous Governor who has done incredible things for that Great State. He has my complete &amp, total Endorsement! He brought the amazing Foxconn to Wisconsin with its 15,000 Jobs-and so much more. Vote for Scott on Tuesday in the Republican Primary!
Pete Stauber is running for Congress in Minnesota. He will make for a great Congressman. Pete is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Vote for Pete tomorrow. He has my full and total Endorsement!
Great to be in FoJust landed at FoBrooks Koepka just won his third Golf Major, and he did it not only with his powerful game, but with his powerful mind. He has been a man of steel on the Tour and will have many Victories, including Majors, ahead of him. Congrats to Brooks and his great team on a job well done!
Wacky Omarosa already has a fully signed Non-Disclosure Agreement!
Just fired Agent Strzok, formerly of the FBI, was in charge of the Crooked Hillary Clinton sham investigation. It was a total fraud on the American public and should be properly redone!
Agent Peter Strzok was just fired from the FBI - finally. The list of bad players in the FBI &amp, DOJ gets longer &amp, longer. Based on the fact that Strzok was in charge of the Witch Hunt, will it be dropped? It is a total Hoax. No Collusion, No Obstruction - I just fight back!
The very unpopular Governor of Ohio (and failed presidential candidate) @JohnKasich huWhile I know it’s “not presidential” to take on a lowlife like Omarosa, and while I would rather not be doing so, this is a modern day form of communication and I know the Fake News Media will be working ove...really bad things. Nasty to people &amp, would constantly miss meetings &amp, work. When Gen. Kelly came on board he told me she was a loser &amp, nothing but problems. I told him to try working it out, if possible, because she only said GREAT things about me - until she got fired!
Wacky Omarosa, who got fired 3 times on the Apprentice, now got fired for the last time. She never made it, never will. She begged me for a job, tears in her eyes, I said Ok. People in the White House hated her. She was vicious, but not sma“Seems like the DepaMany @harleydavidson owners plan to boycott the company if manufacturing moves overseas. Great! Most other companies are coming in our direction, including Harley competitors. A really bad move! U.S. will soon have a level playing field, or better.
.@GovMikeHuckabee “Your paycheck is bigger, your pension is stronger.” @foxandfriends Unemployment numbers are better than they have been in 50 years, &amp, perhaps ever. Our country is booming like never before - and it will get even better! Many companies moving back to the U.S.A.
.@JudgeJeanine “Bob Mueller, isn’t your whole investigation premised on a Fake Dossier, paid for by Hillary, created by a man who hates Donald Trump, &amp, used to con a FISA Cou....Do you believe Nelly worked for Fusion and her husband STILL WORKS FOR THE DEPAThe big story that the Fake News Media refuses to repoI am proud to have fought for and secured the LOWEST African American and Hispanic unemployment rates in history. Now I’m pushing for prison reform to give people who have paid their debt to society a second chance. I will never stop fighting for ALL Americans!
The riots in Charlottesville a year ago resulted in senseless death and division. We must come together as a nation. I condemn all types of racism and acts of violence. Peace to ALL Americans!
.....Will the FBI ever recover it’s once stellar reputation, so badly damaged by Comey, McCabe, Peter S and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, and other top officials now dismissed or fired? So many of the great men and women of the FBI have been huWhy isn’t the FBI giving Andrew McCabe text messages to Judicial Watch or appropriate governmental authorities. FBI said they won’t give up even one (I may have to get involved, DO NOT DESTROY). What are they hiding? McCabe wife took big campaign dollars from Hillary people.....
.....Will the FBI ever recover it’s once stellar reputation, so badly damaged by Comey, McCabe, Peter S and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, and other top officials now dismissed or fired? So many of the great men and women of the FBI have been huWhy isn’t the FBI giving Andrew McCabe text massages to Judicial Watch or appropriate governmental authorities. FBI said they won’t give up even one (I may have to get involved, DO NOT DESTROY). What are they hiding? McCabe wife took big campaign dollars from Hillary people......
Deal with Mexico is coming along nicely. Autoworkers and farmers must be taken care of or there will be no deal. New President of Mexico has been an absolute gentleman. Canada must wait. Their Tariffs and Trade Barriers are far too high. Will tax cars if we can’t make a deal!
Thank you to Kanye West and the fact that he is willing to tell the TRUTH. One new and great FACT - African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in the history of our Country. So honored by this. Thank you Kanye for your suppoHad a very good phone call with @EmmanuelMacron, President of France. Discussed various subjects, in paDemocrats, please do not distance yourselves from Nancy Pelosi. She is a wonderful person whose ideas &amp, policies may be bad, but who should definitely be given a 4th chance. She is trying very hard &amp, has every right to take down the Democrat PaI have just authorized a doubling of Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum with respect to Turkey as their currency, the Turkish Lira, slides rapidly downward against our very strong Dollar! Aluminum will now be 20% and Steel 50%. Our relations with Turkey are not good at this time!
.....Be happy, be cool! A football game, that fans are paying soooo much money to watch and enjoy, is no place to protest. Most of that money goes to the players anyway. Find another way to protest. Stand proudly for your National Anthem or be Suspended Without Pay!
The NFL players are at it again - taking a knee when they should be standing proudly for the National Anthem. Numerous players, from different teams, wanted to show their “outrage” at something that most of them are unable to define. They make a fo.@MariaBaJenna Ellis “FBI thought they wouldn’t get caught because they thought that Hillary was going to win. There is ove@LindseyGrahamSC “Why didn’t the FBI tell President Trump that they had concerns about CaCongressman Ted Yoho of Florida is doing a fantastic job and has my complete and total Endorsement! Tough on Crime and Borders, Ted was really helpful on Tax Cuts. Vote all the way for Ted in the upcoming Primary - he will never let you down!
Space Force all the way!
This is an illegally brought Rigged Witch Hunt run by people who are totally corrupt and/or conflicted. It was sta“There has been no evidence whatsoever that Donald Trump or the campaign was involved in any kind of collusion to fix the 2016 election. In fact the evidence is the opposite, that Hillary Clinton &amp, the Democrats colluded with the Russians to fix the 2016 election.” @GrahamLedger
RED WAVE!
Congratulations to @LenaEpstein of Michigan on a job well done. Also, thanks for your great suppoAs long as I campaign and/or suppoThe Republicans have now won 8 out of 9 House Seats, yet if you listen to the Fake News Media you would think we are being clobbered. Why can’t they play it straight, so unfair to the Republican Pa5 for 5!
Congratulations to Josh Hawley on your big Senate Primary win in Missouri. I look forward to working with you toward a big win in November. We need you in Washington!
Congratulations to Bill Schuette. You will have a Big win in November and be a tremendous Governor for the Great State of Michigan. Lots of car and other companies moving back!
Congratulations to a future STAR of the Republican Pa.....Congratulations to Troy Balderson on a great win in Ohio. A very special and impoWhen I decided to go to Ohio for Troy Balderson, he was down in early voting 64 to 36. That was not good. After my speech on Saturday night, there was a big turn for the better. Now Troy wins a great victory during a very tough time of the year for voting. He will win BIG in Nov.
Today, on the 236th anniversary of the Purple HeaOhio, vote today for Troy Balderson for Congress. His opponent, controlled by Nancy Pelosi, is weak on Crime, the Border, Military, Vets, your 2nd Amendment - and will end your Tax Cuts. Troy will be a great Congressman. #MAGA
The Iran sanctions have officially been cast. These are the most biting sanctions ever imposed, and in November they ratchet up to yet another level. Anyone doing business with Iran will NOT be doing business with the United States. I am asking for WORLD PEACE, nothing less!
California wildfires are being magnified &amp, made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing massive amounts of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diveDemocrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE, the brave men and women that are protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on eaDemocrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE, the brave men and women that our protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on eaJohn James is a potential Republican Star who has a Senate primary election tomorrow in Michigan. If he becomes the Republican candidate, he will beat the Open Borders, weak on Crime, Democrat, Debbie Stabenow. Vote for John James and Make America Great Again!
Governor Jerry Brown must allow the Free Flow of the vast amounts of water coming from the NoKris Kobach, a strong and early suppoGreat financial numbers being announced on an almost daily basis. Economy has never been better, jobs at best point in history. Fixing our terrible Trade Deals is a priority-and going very well. Immigration on Merit Based System to take care of the companies coming back to U.S.A.
....a law firm, eventually Kremlin connected sources, to gather info on Donald Trump. Collusion is very real with Russia, but only with Hillary and the Democrats, and we should demand a full investigation.” Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends Looking forward to the new IG Repo“Collusion with Russia was very real. Hillary Clinton and her team 100% colluded with the Russians, and so did Adam Schiff who is on tape trying to collude with what he thought was Russians to obtain compromising material on DJT. We also know that Hillary Clinton paid through....
California wildfires are being magnified &amp, made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing massive amount of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being divePresidential Approval numbers are very good - strong economy, military and just about everything else. Better numbers than Obama at this point, by far. We are winning on just about every front and for that reason there will not be a Blue Wave, but there might be a Red Wave!
Too bad a large po...Why aren’t Mueller and the 17 Angry Democrats looking at the meetings concerning the Fake Dossier and all of the lying that went on in the FBI and DOJ? This is the most one sided Witch Hunt in the history of our country. FoFake News repo..Because of Tariffs we will be able to staTariffs are working big time. Every country on eaThe Fake News hates me saying that they are the Enemy of the People only because they know it’s TRUE. I am providing a great service by explaining this to the American People. They purposely cause great division &amp, distrust. They can also cause War! They are very dangerous &amp, sick!
...Danny O’Connor is a total puppet for Nancy Pelosi and Maxine Waters – Danny wants to raise your taxes, open your borders, and take away your 2nd Amendment. Vote for Troy on Tuesday!
A great night in Ohio’s 12th Congressional District with Troy Balderson! Troy loves Ohio, and he loves the people of Ohio. He will be fighting for you all the way...
Iran, and it’s economy, is going very bad, and fast! I will meet, or not meet, it doesn’t matter - it is up to them!
Heading to Ohio!
....China, which is for the first time doing poorly against us, is spending a fo....Tariffs will make our country much richer than it is today. Only fools would disagree. We are using them to negotiate fair trade deals and, if countries are still unwilling to negotiate, they will pay us vast sums of money in the form of Tariffs. We win either way......
....Tariffs have had a tremendous positive impact on our Steel Industry. Plants are opening all over the U.S., Steelworkers are working again, and big dollars are flowing into our Treasury. Other countries use Tariffs against, but when we use them, foolish people scream!
Tariffs are working far better than anyone ever anticipated. China market has dropped 27% in last 4months, and they are talking to us. Our market is stronger than ever, and will go up dramatically when these horrible Trade Deals are successfully renegotiated. America First.......
HAPPY BITroy Balderson, running for Congress from Ohio, is in a big Election fight with a candidate who just got caught lying about his relationship with Nancy Pelosi, who is weak on Crime, Borders &amp, your 2nd Amendment-and wants to raise your Taxes (by a lot). Vote for Troy on Tuesday!
Will be going to Ohio tonight to campaign for Troy Balderson for the big Congressional Special Election on Tuesday. Early voting is on. Troy is strong on Crime, the Border &amp, loves our Military, Vets &amp, 2nd Amendment. His opponent is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi/high taxes.
Almost 500,000 Manufacturing Jobs created since I won the Election. Remember when my opponents were saying that we couldn’t create this type of job anymore. Wrong, in fact these are among our best and most impo“The media are good news fire extinguishers!” @greggutfeld @TheFive
NASA, which is making a BIG comeback under the Trump Administration, has just named 9 astronauts for Boeing and Spacex space flights. We have the greatest facilities in the world and we are now letting the private sector pay to use them. Exciting things happening. Space Force!
July is just the ninth month since 1970 that unemployment has fallen below 4%. Our economy has added 3.7 million jobs since I won the Election. 4.1 GDP. More than 4 million people have received a pay raise due to tax reform. $400 Billion brought back from “overseas.” @FoxNews
Congratulations to Bill Lee of Tennessee on his big primary win for Governor last night. He ran a great campaign and now will finish off the job in November. Bill has my total and enthusiastic Endorsement!
They asked my daughter Ivanka whether or not the media is the enemy of the people. She correctly said no. It is the FAKE NEWS, which is a large percentage of the media, that is the enemy of the people!
When the House and Senate meet on the very impoPennsylvania has to love Trump because unlike all of the others before me, I am bringing STEEL BACK in a VERY BIG way. Plants opening up in Pennsylvania, and all over the Country, and Congressman Lou Barletta, who is running for the Senate in Pennsylvania, is really helping!
Looking forward to being in the Great State of Pennsylvania where we had a tremendous victory in the Election. Will be campaigning hard for an original suppoCongressman Steve Stivers of Ohio has done a fantastic job as Chairman of the @NRCC. He is a great Congressman who is tough on crime &amp, borders &amp, an inspiration to our Military &amp, Vets. Big on 2nd Amendment. Get out and vote for Steve on Aug 7th. He has my full &amp, total endorsement!
Wow, @foxandfriends is blowing away the competition in the morning ratings. Morning Joe is a dead show with very few people watching and sadly, Fake News CNN is also doing poorly. Too much hate and inaccurately repoCharles Koch of Koch Brothers, who claims to be giving away millions of dollars to politicians even though I know very few who have seen this (?), now makes the ridiculous statement that what President Trump is doing is unfair to “foreign workers.” He is correct, AMERICA FIRST!
Thank you to Chairman Kim Jong Un for keeping your word &amp, staCongratulations to @GreggJarrett on The TREMENDOUS success of his just out book, “The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton &amp, Frame Donald Trump.” Already number one on Amazon. Hard work from a brilliant guy. It’s the Real Story of the Rigged Witch Hunt!
“We already have a smoking gun about a campaign getting diLooking back on history, who was treated worse, Alfonse Capone, legendary mob boss, killer and “Public Enemy Number One,” or Paul Manafo“We already have a smocking gun about a campaign getting diRussian Collusion with the Trump Campaign, one of the most successful in history, is a TOTAL HOAX. The Democrats paid for the phony and discredited Dossier which was, along with Comey, McCabe, Strzok and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, used to begin the Witch Hunt. Disgraceful!
Paul Manafo..This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any fu.....remain in the FBI while he himself was being investigated. This is a real issue. It won’t go into a Mueller Repo“FBI Agent Peter Strzok (on the Mueller team) should have recused himself on day one. He was out to STOP THE ELECTION OF DONALD TRUMP. He needed an insurance policy. Those are illegal, improper goals, trying to influence the Election. He should never, ever been allowed to........
...Border Security is National Security, and National Security is the long-term viability of our Country. A Government Shutdown is a very small price to pay for a safe and Prosperous America!
I don’t care what the political ramifications are, our immigration laws and border security have been a complete and total disaster for decades, and there is no way that the Democrats will allow it to be fixed without a Government Shutdown...
.@SenJohnBarrasso has a Primary on August 21st. He doesn’t need any help because he is absolutely outstanding in every way, but I hope the great people of Wyoming will go out and show their suppoCongressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his suppoThe Fake News Media is going CRAZY! They are totally unhinged and in many ways, after witnessing first hand the damage they do to so many innocent and decent people, I enjoy watching. In 7 years, when I am no longer in office, their ratings will dry up and they will be gone!
Will be in Tampa tonight. A big year for @RepDeSantis, who will be a great governor for Florida. Strong on Crime, Borders and our 2nd Amendment. Big help on Tax &amp, Regulation Cuts. Loves our Military &amp, our Vets. Has my Full &amp, Total Endorsement!
I am looking into 3-D Plastic Guns being sold to the public. Already spoke to NRA, doesn’t seem to make much sense!
Collusion is not a crime, but that doesn’t matter because there was No Collusion (except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats)!
One of the reasons we need Great Border Security is that Mexico’s murder rate in 2017 increased by 27% to 31,174 people killed, a record! The Democrats want Open Borders. I want Maximum Border Security and respect for ICE and our great Law Enforcement Professionals! @FoxNews
Rush Limbaugh is a great guy who truly gets it!
....them richer. Their network is highly overrated, I have beaten them at every turn. They want to protect their companies outside the U.S. from being taxed, I’m for America First &amp, the American Worker - a puppet for no one. Two nice guys with bad ideas. Make America Great Again!
A highly respected Federal judge today stated that the “Trump Administration gets great credit” for reuniting illegal families. Thank you, and please look at the previous administrations record - not good!
Congratulations to our new @DeptVetAffairs Secretary, RobeThank you to @RandPaul for your YES on a future great Justice of the Supreme Cou...that Open Borders, large scale Crime, and abolishing ICE is good for them, we must get smaIllegal immigration is a top National Security problem. After decades of playing games, with the whole World laughing at the stupidity of our immigration laws, and with Democrats thinking...
Congratulations to Judge Jeanine on the tremendous success of her new #1 best-selling book, “Liars, Leakers, and Liberals – The Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy!”
...your Social Security and Medicare! Cast your early vote, or vote on August 7th, Election Day. He has my full and total Endorsement!
We must have Border Security, get rid of Chain, Lottery, Catch &amp, Release Sanctuary Cities - go to Merit based Immigration. Protect ICE and Law Enforcement and, of course, keep building, but much faster, THE WALL!
....Also, why is Mueller only appointing Angry Dems, some of whom have worked for Crooked Hillary, others, including himself, have worked for Obama....And why isn’t Mueller looking at all of the criminal activity &amp, real Russian Collusion on the Democrats side-Podesta, Dossier?
Is RobeThere is No Collusion! The Robe...and the Amazon Washington Post do nothing but write bad stories even on very positive achievements - and they will never change!
...dying newspaper industry. No matter how much they try to distract and cover it up, our country is making great progress under my leadership and I will never stop fighting for the American people! As an example, the failing New York Times...
...accurately. 90% of media coverage of my Administration is negative, despite the tremendously positive results we are achieving, it’s no surprise that confidence in the media is at an all time low! I will not allow our great country to be sold out by anti-Trump haters in the...
When the media - driven insane by their Trump Derangement Syndrome - reveals internal deliberations of our government, it truly puts the lives of many, not just journalists, at risk! Very unpatriotic! Freedom of the press also comes with a responsibility to repoI would be willing to “shut down” government if the Democrats do not give us the votes for Border Security, which includes the Wall! Must get rid of Lottery, Catch &amp, Release etc. and finally go to system of Immigration based on MERIT! We need great people coming into our Country!
The biggest and best results coming out of the good GDP repoHad a very good and interesting meeting at the White House with A.G. Sulzberger, Publisher of the New York Times. Spent much time talking about the vast amounts of Fake News being put out by the media &amp, how that Fake News has morphed into phrase, “Enemy of the People.” Sad!
Please understand, there are consequences when people cross our Border illegally, whether they have children or not - and many are just using children for their own sinister purposes. Congress must act on fixing the DUMBEST &amp, WORST immigration laws anywhere in the world! Vote “R”
Do you think the Fake News Media will ever repoWow, highest Poll Numbers in the history of the Republican PaTom Homan, fmr ICE Director: “There is nobody that has done more for border security &amp, public safety than President Trump. I’ve worked for six presidents, and I respect them all, but nobody has done more than this Administration &amp, President Trump, that’s just a stone cold fact!”
The only things the Democrats do well is “Resist,” which is their campaign slogan, and “Obstruct.” Cryin’ Chuck Schumer has almost 400 great American people that are waiting “forever” to serve our Country! A total disgrace. Mitch M should not let them go home until all approved!
Democrats, who want Open Borders and care little about Crime, are incompetent, but they have the Fake News Media almost totally on their side!
The @USNavy’s first female Admiral, Alene Duerk once said: “It was a nice distinction to have, and to be recognized as the first, but I wanted to make ceWe have accomplished an economic turnaround of HISTORIC propoI am thrilled to announce that in the second qua.@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress - so impo...John is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. He will be a star. He has my full and total Endorsement!
.@JohnJamesMI, who is running in the Republican Primary in the great state of Michigan, is SPECTACULAR! Vote on August 7th. Rarely have I seen a candidate with such great potential. West Point graduate, successful businessman and a African American leader...
GREAT GDP numbers just released. Will be having a news conference soon!
.....I did NOT know of the meeting with my son, Don jr. Sounds to me like someone is trying to make up stories in order to get himself out of an unrelated jam (Taxi cabs maybe?). He even retained Bill and Crooked Hillary’s lawyer. Gee, I wonder if they helped him make the choice!
95% Approval Rate in the Republican Pa....,the only Collusion with Russia was with the Democrats, so now they are looking at my Tweets (along with 53 million other people) - the rigged Witch Hunt continues! How stupid and unfair to our Country....And so the Fake News doesn’t waste my time with dumb questions, NO,....
...called “The Case Against Impeaching Trump,” which I would encourage all people with Trump Derangement Syndrome to read!
The United States will impose large sanctions on Turkey for their long time detainment of Pastor Andrew Brunson, a great Christian, family man and wonderful human being. He is suffering greatly. This innocent man of faith should be released immediately!
Heading to Dubuque, Iowa and then Granite City, Illinois. Looking forward to being with many great friends!
Twitter “SHADOW BANNING” prominent Republicans. Not good. We will look into this discriminatory and illegal practice at once! Many complaints.
European Union representatives told me that they would staGreat to be back on track with the European Union. This was a big day for free and fair trade!
...along quickly. European Union Nations will be open to the United States and at the same time benefiting by everything we are doing for them. There was great warmth and feeling in the room - a breakthrough has been quickly made that nobody thought possible!
...know how to do is resist and obstruct! This is why there is such hatred and dissension in our country – but at some point, it will heal!
Sergio Marchionne, who passed away today, was one of the most brilliant &amp, successful car executives since the days of the legendary Henry Ford. It was a great honor for me to get to know Sergio as POTUS, he loved the car industry, and fought hard for it. He will be truly missed!
This week, my Administration is hosting the first-ever #IRFMinisterial. The U.S. will continue to promote #ReligiousFreedom around the world. Nations that suppoThe United States and the European Union have a $1 TRILLION bilateral trade relationship – the largest economic relationship in the world. We want to fuCongratulations to Brian Kemp on your very big win in Georgia last night. Wow, 69-30, those are big numbers. Now go win against the open border, crime loving opponent that the Democrats have given you. She is weak on Vets, the Military and the 2nd Amendment. Win!
What kind of a lawyer would tape a client? So sad! Is this a first, never heard of it before? Why was the tape so abruptly terminated (cut) while I was presumably saying positive things? I hear there are other clients and many repoChina is targeting our farmers, who they know I love &amp, respect, as a way of getting me to continue allowing them to take advantage of the U.S. They are being vicious in what will be their failed attempt. We were being nice - until now! China made $517 Billion on us last year.
When you have people snipping at your heels during a negotiation, it will only take longer to make a deal, and the deal will never be as good as it could have been with unity. Negotiations are going really well, be cool. The end result will be woEvery time I see a weak politician asking to stop Trade talks or the use of Tariffs to counter unfair Tariffs, I wonder, what can they be thinking? Are we just going to continue and let our farmers and country get ripped off? Lost $817 Billion on Trade last year. No weakness!
“The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton &amp, Frame Donald Trump” is a Hot Seller, already Number One! More impoSo sad and unfair that the FCC wouldn’t approve the Sinclair Broadcast merger with Tribune. This would have been a great and much needed Conservative voice for and of the People. Liberal Fake News NBC and Comcast gets approved, much bigger, but not Sinclair. Disgraceful!
The European Union is coming to Washington tomorrow to negotiate a deal on Trade. I have an idea for them. Both the U.S. and the E.U. drop all Tariffs, Barriers and Subsidies! That would finally be called Free Market and Fair Trade! Hope they do it, we are ready - but they won’t!
On the heels of the VERY successful launch of the @WhiteHouse National Council for the American Worker, Congress should reauthorize #PerkinsCTE and ensure the American workforce remains stronger than EVER! #Jobs #Workforce
I’m very concerned that Russia will be fighting very hard to have an impact on the upcoming Election. Based on the fact that no President has been tougher on Russia than me, they will be pushing very hard for the Democrats. They definitely don’t want Trump!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Heading to Missouri to be with many of my great friends. VFW here we come!
Our Country is doing GREAT. Best financial numbers on the Planet. Great to have USA WINNING AGAIN!
Tariffs are the greatest! Either a country which has treated the United States unfairly on Trade negotiates a fair deal, or it gets hit with Tariffs. It’s as simple as that - and everybody’s talking! Remember, we are the “piggy bank” that’s being robbed. All will be Great!
Countries that have treated us unfairly on trade for years are all coming to Washington to negotiate. This should have taken place many years ago but,as the saying goes, better late than never!
.....”Ca....and the DOJ, FBI and Obama Gang need to be held to account. Source #1 was the major source. Avoided talking about it being the Clinton campaign behind it. Misled the Cou“It was classified to cover up misconduct by the FBI and the Justice DepaSo we now find out that it was indeed the unverified and Fake DiTom Fitton on @foxandfriends at 6:15 A.M. NOW! Judicial Watch.
To Iranian President Rouhani: NEVER, EVER THREATEN THE UNITED STATES AGAIN OR YOU WILL SUFFER CONSEQUENCES THE LIKES OF WHICH FEW THROUGHOUT HISTORY HAVE EVER SUFFERED BEFORE. WE ARE NO LONGER A COUNTRY THAT WILL STAND FOR YOUR DEMENTED WORDS OF VIOLENCE &amp, DEATH. BE CAUTIOUS!
So President Obama knew about Russia before the Election. Why didn’t he do something about it? Why didn’t he tell our campaign? Because it is all a big hoax, that’s why, and he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win!!!
Happy BiI had a GREAT meeting with Putin and the Fake News used every bit of their energy to try and disparage it. So bad for our country!
.@PeteHegseth on @FoxNews “Source #1 was the (Fake) Dossier. Yes, the DiAndrew McCaLooking more &amp, more like the Trump Campaign for President was illegally being spied upon (surveillance) for the political gain of Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC. Ask her how that worked out - she did better with Crazy Bernie. Republicans must get tough now. An illegal Scam!
Congratulations to @JudicialWatch and @TomFitton on being successful in getting the CaWatching Los Angeles possible hostage situation very closely. Active barricaded suspect. L.A.P.D. working with Federal Law Enforcement.
Troy Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress against a Nancy Pelosi Liberal who is WEAK on Crime &amp, Borders. Troy is the total opposite, and loves our Military, Vets &amp, 2nd Amendment. EARLY VOTING just staBrian Kemp, who is running for Governor of Georgia and has my full endorsement, is campaigning tonight with VP @mike_pence. Brian is very strong on Crime and Borders, LOVES our Military, Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He will be a GREAT Governor!
Brian Kemp, who is running for Governor of Georgia and has my full endorsement, is campaigning tonight with @MikePenceVP. Brian is very strong on Crime and Borders, LOVES our Military, Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He will be a GREAT Governor!
No Collusion, No Obstruction - but that doesn’t matter because the 13 Angry Democrats, who are only after Republicans and totally protecting Democrats, want this Witch Hunt to drag out to the November Election. Republicans better get smaThe Rigged Witch Hunt, headed by the 13 Angry Democrats (and now 4 more have been added, one who worked directly for Obama W.H.), seems intent on damaging the Republican PaInconceivable that the government would break into a lawyer’s office (early in the morning) - almost unheard of. Even more inconceivable that a lawyer would tape a client - totally unheard of &amp, perhaps illegal. The good news is that your favorite President did nothing wrong!
The NFL National Anthem Debate is alive and well again - can’t believe it! Isn’t it in contract that players must stand at attention, hand on heaI got severely criticized by the Fake News Media for being too nice to President Putin. In the Old Days they would call it Diplomacy. If I was loud &amp, vicious, I would have been criticized for being too tough. Remember when they said I was too tough with Chairman Kim? Hypocrites!
So impoFarmers have been on a downward trend for 15 years. The price of soybeans has fallen 50% since 5 years before the Election. A big reason is bad (terrible) Trade Deals with other countries. They put on massive Tariffs and Barriers. Canada charges 275% on Dairy. Farmers will WIN!
....The United States should not be penalized because we are doing so well. Tightening now huChina, the European Union and others have been manipulating their currencies and interest rates lower, while the U.S. is raising rates while the dollars gets stronger and stronger with each passing day - taking away our big competitive edge. As usual, not a level playing field...
My deepest sympathies to the families and friends of those involved in the terrible boat accident which just took place in Missouri. Such a tragedy, such a great loss. May God be with you all!
....proliferation, cyber attacks, trade, Ukraine, Middle East peace, NoThe Summit with Russia was a great success, except with the real enemy of the people, the Fake News Media. I look forward to our second meeting so that we can staI told you so! The European Union just slapped a Five Billion Dollar fine on one of our great companies, Google. They truly have taken advantage of the U.S., but not for long!
“Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES.” Thank you to @foxandfriends and @FoxNews for actually showing the clips. The Fake News wants no paThe Fake News Media wants so badly to see a major confrontation with Russia, even a confrontation that could lead to war. They are pushing so recklessly hard and hate the fact that I’ll probably have a good relationship with Putin. We are doing MUCH better than any other country!
The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They make up stories without any backup, sources or proof. Many of the stories written about me, and the good people surrounding me, are total fiction. Problem is, when you complain you just give them more publicity. But I’ll complain anyway!
The Democrats have a death wish, in more ways than one - they actually want to abolish ICE. This should cost them heavily in the Midterms. Yesterday, the Republicans overwhelmingly passed a bill suppoThank you to NovaA total disgrace that Turkey will not release a respected U.S. Pastor, Andrew Brunson, from prison. He has been held hostage far too long. @The two biggest opponents of ICE in America today are the Democratic PaThank you to Congressman Kevin Yoder! He secured $5 BILLION for Border Security. Now we need Congress to suppoBrian Kemp is running for Governor of the great state of Georgia. The Primary is on Tuesday. Brian is tough on crime, strong on the border and illegal immigration. He loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment. I give him my full and total endorsement.
3.4 million jobs created since our great Election Victory - far greater than ever anticipated, and only getting better as new and greatly improved Trade Deals staSome people HATE the fact that I got along well with President Putin of Russia. They would rather go to war than see this. It’s called Trump Derangement Syndrome!
“A lot of Democrats wished they voted for the Tax Cuts because the economy is booming - we could have 4% growth now and the Fed said yesterday that unemployment could drop again.” @foxandfriends @kilmeade
Congratulations to Ma....Russia has agreed to help with NoWhile the NATO meeting in Brussels was an acknowledged triumph, with billions of dollars more being put up by member countries at a faster pace, the meeting with Russia may prove to be, in the long run, an even greater success. Many positive things will come out of that meeting..
So many people at the higher ends of intelligence loved my press conference performance in Helsinki. Putin and I discussed many impo“Prosperity is returning. Donald Trump is doing exactly what he said he would do as a candidate, now as the most effective president, the most successful president, in modern American history.” Thank you to the great Lou Dobbs!
The Democrats want to abolish ICE, which will mean more crime in our country. I want to give ICE a big cheer! Vote Republican in November.
The meeting between President Putin and myself was a great success, except in the Fake News Media!
The economy of the United States is stronger than ever before!
Thank you @RandPaul. “The President has gone through a year and a half of totally paWhile I had a great meeting with NATO, raising vast amounts of money, I had an even better meeting with Vladimir Putin of Russia. Sadly, it is not being repoI had a great meeting with NATO. They have paid $33 Billion more and will pay hundreds of Billions of Dollars more in the future, only because of me. NATO was weak, but now it is strong again (bad for Russia). The media only says I was rude to leaders, never mentions the money!
Thank you @RandPaul, you really get it! “The President has gone through a year and a half of totally paWill be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9pmE and @TuckerCarlson tomorrow night at 8pmE. Enjoy!
As I said today and many times before, “I have GREAT confidence in MY intelligence people.” However, I also recognize that in order to build a brighter future, we cannot exclusively focus on the past – as the world’s two largest nuclear powers, we must get along! #HELSINKI2018
Our relationship with Russia has NEVER been worse thanks to many years of U.S. foolishness and stupidity and now, the Rigged Witch Hunt!
President Obama thought that Crooked Hillary was going to win the election, so when he was informed by the FBI about Russian Meddling, he said it couldn’t happen, was no big deal, &amp, did NOTHING about it. When I won it became a big deal and the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by Strzok!
Received many calls from leaders of NATO countries thanking me for helping to bring them together and to get them focused on financial obligations, both present &amp, future. We had a truly great Summit that was inaccurately covered by much of the media. NATO is now strong &amp, rich!
Congratulations to France, who played extraordinary soccer, on winning the 2018 World Cup. Additionally, congratulations to President Putin and Russia for putting on a truly great World Cup Tournament -- one of the best ever!
...over the years, I would return to criticism that it wasn’t good enough – that I should have gotten Saint Petersburg in addition! Much of our news media is indeed the enemy of the people and all the Dems...
These Russian individuals did their work during the Obama years. Why didn’t Obama do something about it? Because he thought Crooked Hillary Clinton would win, that’s why. Had nothing to do with the Trump Administration, but Fake News doesn’t want to repoOur prayers are with those affected by the flooding in Japan. We commend the rescue effo....Remember, it was Little Jeff Z and his people, who are told exactly what to say, who said I could not win the election in that “there was no way to 270” (over &amp, over again) in the Electoral College. I got 306! They were sooooo wrong in their election coverage. Still huSo funny! I just checked out Fake News CNN, for the first time in a long time (they are dying in the ratings), to see if they covered my takedown yesterday of Jim Acosta (actually a nice guy). They didn’t! But they did say I already lost in my meeting with Putin. Fake News......
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administration. Why didn’t they do something about it, especially when it was repo....Where is the DNC Server, and why didn’t the FBI take possession of it? Deep State?
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administrations. Why didn’t they do something about it, especially when it was repoThe Stock Market hit 25,000 yesterday. Jobs are at an all time record - and that is before we fix some of the worst trade deals and conditions ever seen by any government. It is all happening!
I have arrived in Scotland and will be at Trump Turnberry for two days of meetings, calls and hopefully, some golf - my primary form of exercise! The weather is beautiful, and this place is incredible! Tomorrow I go to Helsinki for a Monday meeting with Vladimir Putin.
Congressman Matt Gaetz of Florida is one of the finest and most talented people in Congress. Strong on Crime, the Border, Illegal Immigration, the 2nd Amendment, our great Military &amp, Vets, Matt worked tirelessly on helping to get our Massive Tax Cuts. He has my Full Endorsement!
Great success today at NATO! Billions of additional dollars paid by members since my election. Great spirit!
....On top of it all, Germany just staPresidents have been trying unsuccessfully for years to get Germany and other rich NATO Nations to pay more toward their protection from Russia. They pay only a fraction of their cost. The U.S. pays tens of Billions of Dollars too much to subsidize Europe, and loses Big on Trade!
As I head out to a very impoBillions of additional dollars are being spent by NATO countries since my visit last year, at my request, but it isn’t nearly enough. U.S. spends too much. Europe’s borders are BAD! Pipeline dollars to Russia are not acceptable!
How can the Rigged Witch Hunt proceed when it was staEx-FBI LAYER Lisa Page today defied a House of Representatives issued Subpoena to testify before Congress! Wow, but is anybody really surprised! Together with her lover, FBI Agent Peter Strzok, she worked on the Rigged Witch Hunt, perhaps the most tainted and corrupt case EVER!
If the Democrats want to win Supreme CouWhat good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are there only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europe’s protection, then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2% of GDP IMMEDIATELY, not by 2025.
What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are their only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europe’s protection, then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2% of GDP IMMEDIATELY, not by 2025.
Democrats in Congress must no longer Obstruct - vote to fix our terrible Immigration Laws now. I am watching what is going on from Europe - it would be soooo simple to fix. Judges run the system and illegals and traffickers know how it works. They are just using children!
...things up, better than ever before, but it can’t go too quickly. I am fighting for a level playing field for our farmers, and will win!
I am in Brussels, but always thinking about our farmers. Soy beans fell 50% from 2012 to my election. Farmers have done poorly for 15 years. Other countries’ trade barriers and tariffs have been destroying their businesses. I will open...
Just talked with Pfizer CEO and @SecAzar on our drug pricing blueprint. Pfizer is rolling back price hikes, so American patients don’t pay more. We applaud Pfizer for this decision and hope other companies do the same. Great news for the American people!
The European Union makes it impossible for our farmers and workers and companies to do business in Europe (U.S. has a $151 Billion trade deficit), and then they want us to happily defend them through NATO, and nicely pay for it. Just doesn’t work!
A recent Emerson College ePoll said that most Americans, especially Hispanics, feel that they are better off under President Trump than they were under President Obama.
I am on Air Force One flying to NATO and hear repoOn behalf of the United States, congratulations to the Thai Navy SEALs and all on the successful rescue of the 12 boys and their coach from the treacherous cave in Thailand. Such a beautiful moment - all freed, great job!
Thank you to all of my great suppoNATO countries must pay MORE, the United States must pay LESS. Very Unfair!
Getting ready to leave for Europe. First meeting - NATO. The U.S. is spending many times more than any other country in order to protect them. Not fair to the U.S. taxpayer. On top of that we lose $151 Billion on Trade with the European Union. Charge us big Tariffs (&amp, Barriers)!
Tonight, it was my honor and privilege to nominate Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme CouHAPPY 100TH BIPfizer &amp, others should be ashamed that they have raised drug prices for no reason. They are merely taking advantage of the poor &amp, others unable to defend themselves, while at the same time giving bargain basement prices to other countries in Europe &amp, elsewhere. We will respond!
The failing NY Times Fake News story today about breast feeding must be called out. The U.S. strongly suppoI have confidence that Kim Jong Un will honor the contract we signed &amp,, even more impoI have long heard that the most impo...Europe far more than it does the U.S. By some accounts, the U.S. is paying for 90% of NATO, with many countries nowhere close to their 2% commitment. On top of this the European Union has a Trade Surplus of $151 Million with the U.S., with big Trade Barriers on U.S. goods. NO!
The United States is spending far more on NATO than any other Country. This is not fair, nor is it acceptable. While these countries have been increasing their contributions since I took office, they must do much more. Germany is at 1%, the U.S. is at 4%, and NATO benefits.......
Looking forward to announcing my final decision on the United States Supreme CouIranian Harassment of U.S. Warships:2015: 222016: 362017: 142018: 0Source: @USNavy
The U.S. is working very closely with the Government of Thailand to help get all of the children out of the cave and to safety. Very brave and talented people!
The Rigged Witch Hunt, originally headed by FBI lover boy Peter S (for one year) &amp, now, 13 Angry Democrats, should look into the missing DNC Server, Crooked Hillary’s illegally deleted Emails, the Pakistani Fraudster, Uranium One, Podesta &amp, so much more. It’s a Democrat Con Job!
Our great First Lady is doing really well. Will be leaving hospital in 2 or 3 days. Thank you for so much love and suppoPublic opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the “Special” Counsel because the public understands that there was no Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous), that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation &amp, that the only Collusion was with the Dems!
Big week next week when the American Embassy in Israel will be moved to Jerusalem. Congratulations to all!
Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the “Special” Councel because the public understands that there was no Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous), that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation &amp, that the only Collusion was with the Dems!
Big decision will soon be made on our next Justice of the Supreme CouTwitter is getting rid of fake accounts at a record pace. Will that include the Failing New York Times and propaganda machine for Amazon, the Washington Post, who constantly quote anonymous sources that, in my opinion, don’t exist - They will both be out of business in 7 years!
Just won lawsuit filed by the DNC and a bunch of Democrat crazies trying to claim the Trump Campaign (and others), colluded with Russia. They haven’t figured out that this was an excuse for them losing the election!
Thanks to REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP, America is WINNING AGAIN - and America is being RESPECTED again all over the world. Because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST!
Every day, the brave men and women of ICE are liberating communities from savage gangs like MS-13. We will NOT stand for these vile Democrat smears in law enforcement. We will always stand proudly with the BRAVE HEROES of ICE and BORDER PATROL!
A vote for Democrats in November is a vote to let MS-13 run wild in our communities, to let drugs pour into our cities, and to take jobs and benefits away from hardworking Americans. Democrats want anarchy, amnesty and chaos - Republicans want LAW, ORDER and JUSTICE!
...on Monday assume duties as the acting Administrator of the EPA. I have no doubt that Andy will continue on with our great and lasting EPA agenda. We have made tremendous progress and the future of the EPA is very bright!
I have accepted the resignation of Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Within the Agency Scott has done an outstanding job, and I will always be thankful to him for this. The Senate confirmed Deputy at EPA, Andrew Wheeler, will...
Congress - FIX OUR INSANE IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW!
.....Country being forced to endure a long and costly trial. Tell the people “OUT,” and they must leave, just as they would if they were standing on your front lawn. Hiring thousands of “judges” does not work and is not acceptable - only Country in the World that does this!
Congress must pass smaHappy BiThe OPEC Monopoly must remember that gas prices are up &amp, they are doing little to help. If anything, they are driving prices higher as the United States defends many of their members for very little $’s. This must be a two way street. REDUCE PRICING NOW!
Happy FouTomorrow, families across our Nation will gather to celebrate the Fou...has endured because of the sweat, blood and sacrifice of the American Armed Forces – the greatest force for peace and justice in the history of the world!
Tonight we gathered to celebrate the courageous men and women who make freedom possible: our brave service members, and our wonderful Veterans. For 242 years, American Independence...
After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pore over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize ceThe Washington Post is constantly quoting “anonymous sources” that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for. They are a disgrace to journalism but then again, so are many others!
Heading to West Virginia to be with my friend, @WVGovernor Jim Justice, at his beautiful Greenbrier ResoAfter having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pour over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize ceThe Washington Post is constantly quoting “anonymous sources” that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for. They are a discgrace to journalism but then again, so are many others!
Wow! The NSA has deleted 685 million phone calls and text messages. Privacy violations? They blame technical irregularities. Such a disgrace. The Witch Hunt continues!
Now that Harley-Davidson is moving paJust out that the Obama Administration granted citizenship, during the terrible Iran Deal negotiation, to 2,500 Iranians - including to government officials. How big (and bad) is that?
Many good conversations with NoHow can the Democrats, who are weak on the Border and weak on Crime, do well in November. The people of our Country want and demand Safety and Security, while the Democrats are more interested in ripping apaWhen we have an “infestation” of MS-13 GANGS in ceThe economy is doing perhaps better than ever before, and that’s prior to fixing some of the worst and most unfair Trade Deals ever made by any country. In any event, they are coming along very well. Most countries agree that they must be changed, but nobody ever asked!
Congratulations to Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador on becoming the next President of Mexico. I look very much forward to working with him. There is much to be done that will benefit both the United States and Mexico!
A big week, especially with our numerous victories in the Supreme CouThe Liberal Left, also known as the Democrats, want to get rid of ICE, who do a fantastic job, and want Open Borders. Crime would be rampant and uncontrollable! Make America Great Again
I will be interviewed by @MariaBaWhen people come into our Country illegally, we must IMMEDIATELY escoI will be interviewed by @MariaBaEither we need to elect more Republicans in November or Republicans must end the ridiculous 60 vote, or Filibuster, rule - or better yet, do both. Cryin’ Chuck would do it on day one, but we’ll never give him the chance. Some great legislation awaits - be smaI never pushed the Republicans in the House to vote for the Immigration Bill, either GOODLATTE 1 or 2, because it could never have gotten enough Democrats as long as there is the 60 vote threshold. I released many prior to the vote knowing we need more Republicans to win in Nov.
A friend of mine and a man who has truly seen politics and life as few others ever will, Sean Spicer, has written a great new book, “The Briefing: Politics, the Press and the President.” It is a story told with both heaI will be making my choice for Justice of the United States Supreme CouJust spoke to King Salman of Saudi Arabia and explained to him that, because of the turmoil &amp, disfunction in Iran and Venezuela, I am asking that Saudi Arabia increase oil production, maybe up to 2,000,000 barrels, to make up the difference...Prices to high! He has agreed!
To the great and brave men and women of ICE, do not worry or lose your spirit. You are doing a fantastic job of keeping us safe by eradicating the worst criminal elements. So brave! The radical left Dems want you out. Next it will be all police. Zero chance, It will never happen!
The Democrats are making a strong push to abolish ICE, one of the smaThe new plant being built by Foxconn in Wisconsin is incredible. Congratulations to the people of Wisconsin and to Governor Scott Walker @GovWalker and his talented representatives for having pulled it off. Great job!
I am in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for meetings. Soon to leave for a big groundbreaking for Foxconn, which is building a great new electronics plant in Wisconsin. 15,000 Jobs, so great!
....persecuted on old and/or totally unrelated charges (there was no collusion and there was no obstruction of the no collusion)...And what is going on in the FBI &amp, DOJ with Crooked Hillary, the DNC and all of the lies? A disgraceful situation!
When is Bob Mueller going to list his Conflicts of Interest? Why has it taken so long? Will they be listed at the top of his $22,000,000 RepoPeter Strzok worked as the leader of the Rigged Witch Hunt for a long period of time - he got it staJust watched @SharkGregNorman on @foxandfriends. Said “President is doing a great job. All over the world, people want to come back to the U.S.” Thank you Greg, and you’re looking and doing great!
Amy Kremer, Women for Trump, was so great on @foxandfriends. Brave and very smaRussia continues to say they had nothing to do with Meddling in our Election! Where is the DNC Server, and why didn’t Shady James Comey and the now disgraced FBI agents take and closely examine it? Why isn’t Hillary/Russia being looked at? So many questions, so much corruption!
Lover FBI Agent Peter Strzok was given poor marks on yesterday’s closed door testimony and, according to most repo...home addresses – putting these selfless public servants in harm’s way. These radical protesters want ANARCHY – but the only response they will find from our government is LAW AND ORDER!
In recent days we have heard shameless attacks on our courageous law enforcement officers. Extremist Democrat politicians have called for the complete elimination of ICE. Leftwing Activists are trying to block ICE officers from doing their jobs and publicly posting their...
Harley-Davidson should stay 100% in America, with the people that got you your success. I’ve done so much for you, and then this. Other companies are coming back where they belong! We won’t forget, and neither will your customers or your now very HAPPY competitors!
Supreme CouHOUSE REPUBLICANS SHOULD PASS THE STRONG BUT FAIR IMMIGRATION BILL, KNOWN AS GOODLATTE II, IN THEIR AFTERNOON VOTE TODAY, EVEN THOUGH THE DEMS WON’T LET IT PASS IN THE SENATE. PASSAGE WILL SHOW THAT WE WANT STRONG BORDERS &amp, SECURITY WHILE THE DEMS WANT OPEN BORDERS = CRIME. WIN!
Congratulations to Maxine Waters, whose crazy rants have made her, together with Nancy Pelosi, the unhinged FACE of the Democrat PaBig and conclusive win by Mitt Romney. Congratulations! I look forward to working together - there is so much good to do. A great and loving family will be coming to D.C.
The Democrats are in Turmoil! Open Borders and unchecked Crime a ceWow! Big Trump Hater Congressman Joe Crowley, who many expected was going to take Nancy Pelosi’s place, just LOST his primary election. In other words, he’s out! That is a big one that nobody saw happening. Perhaps he should have been nicer, and more respectful, to his President!
Tremendous win for Congressman Dan Donovan. You showed great courage in a tough race! New York, and my many friends on Staten Island, have elected someone they have always been very proud of. Congratulations!
Congratulations to Governor Henry McMaster on your BIG election win! South Carolina loves you. We are all proud of you and Peggy! @henrymcmaster
SUPREME COU“The most profound question of our era: Was there a conspiracy in the Obama DepaThe face of the Democrats is now Maxine Waters who, together with Nancy Pelosi, have established a fine leadership team. They should always stay together and lead the Democrats, who want Open Borders and Unlimited Crime, well into the future....and pick Crooked Hillary for Pres.
A Harley-Davidson should never be built in another country-never! Their employees and customers are already very angry at them. If they move, watch, it will be the beginning of the end - they surrendered, they quit! The Aura will be gone and they will be taxed like never before!
It was great being with Governor Henry McMaster last night in South Carolina. Henry is tough on Crime and Borders, loves our Military and our Vets and has created many jobs and a great economy. GO OUT AND VOTE FOR HENRY TODAY, HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
....We are finishing our study of Tariffs on cars from the E.U. in that they have long taken advantage of the U.S. in the form of Trade Barriers and Tariffs. In the end it will all even out - and it won’t take very long!
....When I had Harley-Davidson officials over to the White House, I chided them about tariffs in other countries, like India, being too high. Companies are now coming back to America. Harley must know that they won’t be able to sell back into U.S. without paying a big tax!
....We are getting other countries to reduce and eliminate tariffs and trade barriers that have been unfairly used for years against our farmers, workers and companies. We are opening up closed markets and expanding our footprint. They must play fair or they will pay tariffs!
Early this year Harley-Davidson said they would move much of their plant operations in Kansas City to Thailand. That was long before Tariffs were announced. Hence, they were just using Tariffs/Trade War as an excuse. Shows how unbalanced &amp, unfair trade is, but we will fix it.....
Just landed in South Carolina - will be at the McMaster rally shoThe hearing of Peter Strzok and the other hating frauds at the FBI &amp, DOJ should be shown to the public on live television, not a closed door hearing that nobody will see. We should expose these people for what they are - there should be total transparency!
Why is Senator Mark Warner (D-VA), perhaps in a near drunken state, claiming he has information that only he and Bob Mueller, the leader of the 13 Angry Democrats on a Witch Hunt, knows? Isn’t this highly illegal. Is it being investigated?
Surprised that Harley-Davidson, of all companies, would be the first to wave the White Flag. I fought hard for them and ultimately they will not pay tariffs selling into the E.U., which has huCongresswoman Maxine Waters, an extraordinarily low IQ person, has become, together with Nancy Pelosi, the Face of the Democrat PaWill be heading to one of my favorite places, South Carolina, to fight for one of my original “fighters,” Governor Henry McMaster. Speaking at 7:00 P.M.
....If this is done, illegal immigration will be stopped in it’s tracks - and at very little, by comparison, cost. This is the only real answer - and we must continue to BUILD THE WALL!
Hiring manythousands of judges, and going through a long and complicated legal process, is not the way to go - will always be disfunctional. People must simply be stopped at the Border and told they cannot come into the U.S. illegally. Children brought back to their country......
Such a difference in the media coverage of the same immigration policies between the Obama Administration and ours. Actually, we have done a far better job in that our facilities are cleaner and better run than were the facilities under Obama. Fake News is working oveI have tried to stay uninvolved with the DepaThe Red Hen Restaurant should focus more on cleaning its filthy canopies, doors and windows (badly needs a paint job) rather than refusing to serve a fine person like Sarah Huckabee Sanders. I always had a rule, if a restaurant is diFormer Attorney General Michael Mukasey said that President Trump is probably correct that there was surveillance on Trump Tower. Actually, far greater than would ever have been believed!
.@RepClayHiggins has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes, creating great new healthcare programs at low cost, fighting for Border Security, our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana, we want Clay!
House Republicans could easily pass a Bill on Strong Border Security but remember, it still has to pass in the Senate, and for that we need 10 Democrat votes, and all they do is RESIST. They want Open Borders and don’t care about Crime! Need more Republicans to WIN in November!
.@ClayHiggins18 has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes, creating great new healthcare programs at low cost, fighting for Border Security, our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana, we want Clay!
.@jimmyfallon is now whimpering to all that he did the famous “hair show” with me (where he seriously messed up my hair), &amp, that he would have now done it differently because it is said to have “humanized” me-he is taking heat. He called &amp, said “monster ratings.” Be a man Jimmy!
The United States is insisting that all countries that have placed a....Our Immigration policy, laughed at all over the world, is very unfair to all of those people who have gone through the system legally and are waiting on line for years! Immigration must be based on merit - we need people who will help to Make America Great Again!
We cannot allow all of these people to invade our Country. When somebody comes in, we must immediately, with no Judges or CouDemocrats, fix the laws. Don’t RESIST. We are doing a far better job than Bush and Obama, but we need strength and security at the Border! Cannot accept all of the people trying to break into our Country. Strong Borders, No Crime!
Happy BiIt’s very sad that Nancy Pelosi and her sidekick, Cryin’ Chuck Schumer, want to protect illegal immigrants far more than the citizens of our country. The United States cannot stand for this. We wants safety and security at our borders!
...everyone how much he likes me, but he will only vote with Nancy Pelosi. Keith is strong on borders and tough on crime — and loves cutting taxes! #MAGA
.@VP Pence is heading to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania where we have both strongly endorsed one of the finest men around, Congressman Keith @RothfusForPA. He is running against #LambTheSham, who is telling...
Drudge Repo“Disability applications plunge as economy strengthens” Failing New York Times
The National Association of Manufacturers just announced that 95.1% of Manufacturers “have a positive outlook for their companies.” This is the best number in the Association’s history!
The Russian Witch Hunt is Rigged!
.@FoxNews Poll numbers plummet on the Democrat inspired and paid for Russian Witch Hunt. With all of the bias, lying and hate by the investigators, people want the investigators investigated. Much more will come out. A total scam and excuse for the Dems losing the Election!
Good luck to Ric Grenell, our new Ambassador to Germany. A great and talented guy, he will represent our Country well!
Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U.S. &amp, its great companies and workers by the European Union, if these Tariffs and Barriers are not soon broken down and removed, we will be placing a 20% Tariff on all of their cars coming into the U.S. Build them here!
Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U.S. and it great companies and workers by the European Union, if these Tariffs and Barriers are not soon broken down and removed, we will be placing a 20% Tariff on all of their cars coming into the U.S. Build them here!
Hope OPEC will increase output substantially. Need to keep prices down!
We must maintain a Strong Southern Border. We cannot allow our Country to be overrun by illegal immigrants as the Democrats tell their phony stories of sadness and grief, hoping it will help them in the elections. Obama and others had the same pictures, and did nothing about it!
80% of Mexico’s ExpoCongressman Ron DeSantis, a top student at Yale and Harvard Law School, is running for Governor of the Great State of Florida. Ron is strong on Borders, tough on Crime &amp, big on Cutting Taxes - Loves our Military &amp, our Vets. He will be a Great Governor &amp, has my full Endorsement!
Congresswoman MaGovernor Henry McMaster is a truly fine man who loves the People of South Carolina. He was one of my very early suppoRepublicans should stop wasting their time on Immigration until after we elect more Senators and Congressmen/women in November. Dems are just playing games, have no intention of doing anything to solves this decades old problem. We can pass great legislation after the Red Wave!
Elect more Republicans in November and we will pass the finest, fairest and most comprehensive Immigration Bills anywhere in the world. Right now we have the dumbest and the worst. Dems are doing nothing but Obstructing. Remember their motto, RESIST! Ours is PRODUCE!
Even if we get 100% Republican votes in the Senate, we need 10 Democrat votes to get a much needed Immigration Bill - &amp, the Dems are Obstructionists who won’t give votes for political reasons &amp, because they don’t care about Crime coming from Border! So we need to elect more R’s!
Our great Judge Jeanine Pirro is out with a new book, “Liars, Leakers and Liberals, the Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy,” which is fantastic. Go get it!
You cannot pass legislation on immigration whether it be for safety and security or any other reason including “heaWe have to maintain strong borders or we will no longer have a country that we can be proud of – and if we show any weakness, millions of people will journey into our country.
“I REALLY DON’T CARE, DO U?” written on the back of Melania’s jacket, refers to the Fake News Media. Melania has learned how dishonest they are, and she truly no longer cares!
Big Supreme CouFarm Bill just passed in the House. So happy to see work requirements included. Big win for the farmers!
My Administration is acting swiftly to address the illegal immigration crisis on the Southern Border. Loopholes in our immigration laws all suppoDemocrats want open Borders, where anyone can come into our Country, and stay. This is Nancy Pelosi’s dream. It won’t happen!
....”Nothing gives Schiff jurisdiction over Impeachment.”
Henry McMaster has done a great job as Governor of South Carolina. The state is BOOMING, with jobs and new industry setting records. He is tough on Crime and Strong on Borders, Healthcare, the Military and our great Vets. Henry has my full and complete Endrosement! #MAGA
JUST OUT: 3.9% Unemployment. 4% is Broken! In the meantime, WITCH HUNT!
What is the purpose of the House doing good immigration bills when you need 9 votes by Democrats in the Senate, and the Dems are only looking to Obstruct (which they feel is good for them in the Mid-Terms). Republicans must get rid of the stupid Filibuster Rule-it is killing you!
Last night in Minnesota was incredible. What a crowd!
Henry McMaster has done a great job as Governor of South Carolina. The State is BOOMING, with jobs and new industry setting records. He is tough on Crime and strong on Borders, Health Care, the Mititary and our great Vets. Henry has my full and complete Endorsement! #MAGA
I will be going the Columbia, South Carolina, on Monday night to do a campaign speech for one of my very early suppoThe Border has been a big mess and problem for many years. At some point Schumer and Pelosi, who are weak on Crime and Border security, will be forced to do a real deal, so easy, that solves this long time problem. Schumer used to want Border security - now he’ll take Crime!
We shouldn’t be hiring judges by the thousands, as our ridiculous immigration laws demand, we should be changing our laws, building the Wall, hire Border Agents and Ice and not let people come into our country based on the legal phrase they are told to say as their password.
Just returning from the Great State of Minnesota where we had an incredible rally with 9,000 people, and at least 10,000 who could not get in - I will return! Congratulations to @PeteStauber who is loved and respected in Minnesota!
Just landed in Duluth, Minnesota. Two events planned - looking forward to them and being with @PeteStauber and his wonderful family!
Had a great meeting with the House GOP last night at the Capitol. They applauded and laughed loudly when I mentioned my experience with Mark Sanford. I have never been a fan of his!
“FBI texts have revealed anti-Trump Bias.” @FoxNews Big News, but the Fake News doesn’t want to cover. Total corruption - the Witch Hunt has turned out to be a scam! At some point soon the Mainstream Media will have to cover correctly, too big a story!
It’s the Democrats fault, they won’t give us the votes needed to pass good immigration legislation. They want open borders, which breeds horrible crime. Republicans want security. But I am working on something - it never ends!
The Fake News is not mentioning the safety and security of our Country when talking about illegal immigration. Our immigration laws are the weakest and worst anywhere in the world, and the Dems will do anything not to change them &amp, to obstruct-want open borders which means crime!
#CHANGETHELAWS Now is the best oppoWe must always arrest people coming into our Country illegally. Of the 12,000 children, 10,000 are being sent by their parents on a very dangerous trip, and only 2000 are with their parents, many of whom have tried to enter our Country illegally on numerous occasions.
Going to Dallas (the GREAT State of Texas) today. Leaving soon!
Democrats are the problem. They don’t care about crime and want illegal immigrants, no matter how bad they may be, to pour into and infest our Country, like MS-13. They can’t win on their terrible policies, so they view them as potential voters!
If you don’t have Borders, you don’t have a Country!
Crime in Germany is up 10% plus (officials do not want to repoI can’t think of something more concerning than a law enforcement officer suggesting that their going to use their powers to affect an election!” Inspector General Horowitz on what was going on with numerous people regarding my election. A Rigged Witch Hunt!p
Comey gave Strozk his marching orders. Mueller is Comey’s best friend. Witch Hunt!
If President Obama (who got nowhere with NoIt is the Democrats fault for being weak and ineffective with Boarder Security and Crime. Tell them to staCHANGE THE LAWS!
Children are being used by some of the worst criminals on eaWe don’t want what is happening with immigration in Europe to happen with us!
The people of Germany are turning against their leadership as migration is rocking the already tenuous Berlin coalition. Crime in Germany is way up. Big mistake made all over Europe in allowing millions of people in who have so strongly and violently changed their culture!
Why don’t the Democrats give us the votes to fix the world’s worst immigration laws? Where is the outcry for the killings and crime being caused by gangs and thugs, including MS-13, coming into our country illegally?
“The highest level of bias I’ve ever witnessed in any law enforcement officer.” Trey Gowdy on the FBI’s own, Peter Strzok. Also remember that they all worked for Slippery James Comey and that Comey is best friends with RobeThe Democrats should get together with their Republican counterpaWhy was the FBI’s sick loser, Peter Strzok, working on the totally discredited Mueller team of 13 Angry &amp, Conflicted Democrats, when Strzok was giving Crooked Hillary a free pass yet telling his lover, lawyer Lisa Page, that “we’ll stop” Trump from becoming President? Witch Hunt!
Why was the FBI giving so much information to the Fake News Media. They are not supposed to be doing that, and knowing the enemy of the people Fake News, they put their own spin on it - truth doesn’t matter to them!
WITCH HUNT! There was no Russian Collusion. Oh, I see, there was no Russian Collusion, so now they look for obstruction on the no Russian Collusion. The phony Russian Collusion was a made up Hoax. Too bad they didn’t look at Crooked Hillary like this. Double Standard!
Washington Post employees want to go on strike because Bezos isn’t paying them enough. I think a really long strike would be a great idea. Employees would get more money and we would get rid of Fake News for an extended period of time! Is @WaPo a registered lobbyist?
Our economy is perhaps BETTER than it has ever been. Companies doing really well, and moving back to America, and jobs numbers are the best in 44 years.
Chuck Schumer said “the Summit was what the Texans call all cattle and no hat.” Thank you Chuck, but are you sure you got that right? No more nuclear testing or rockets flying all over the place, blew up launch sites. Hostages already back, hero remains coming home &amp, much more!
The IG RepoThe IG RepoMy suppoDemocrats can fix their forced family breakup at the Border by working with Republicans on new legislation, for a change! This is why we need more Republicans elected in November. Democrats are good at only three things, High Taxes, High Crime and Obstruction. Sad!
I’ve had to beat 17 very talented people including the Bush Dynasty, then I had to beat the Clinton Dynasty, and now I have to beat a phony Witch Hunt and all of the dishonest people covered in the IG RepoWow, what a tough sentence for Paul ManafoThe Democrats are forcing the breakup of families at the Border with their horrible and cruel legislative agenda. Any Immigration Bill MUST HAVE full funding for the Wall, end Catch &amp, Release, Visa Lottery and Chain, and go to Merit Based Immigration. Go for it! WIN!
“Donald Trump was 100% right to fire James Comey.” Mark Levin
"“Why in the world didn’t Barack Obama fire this guy (Comey)?” asks Mark Levin!
Wow, the highest rated (by far) morning show, @foxandfriends, is on the Front Lawn of the White House. Maybe I’ll have to take an unannounced trip down to see them?
U.S.A. Jobs numbers are the BEST in 44 years. If my opponent (the Democrats) had won the election, they would have raised taxes substantially and increased regulations - the economy, and jobs, would have been a disaster!
Thank you for all of the compliments on getting the World Cup to come to the U.S.A., Mexico and Canada. I worked hard on this, along with a Great Team of talented people. We never fail, and it will be a great World Cup! A special thanks to Bob Kraft for excellent advice.
The IG Repo...realize the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high, and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy!
Happy 243rd Bi....Schneiderman, who ran the Clinton campaign in New York, never had the guts to bring this ridiculous case, which lingered in their office for almost 2 years. Now he resigned his office in disgrace, and his disciples brought it when we would not settle.
The sleazy New York Democrats, and their now disgraced (and run out of town) A.G. Eric Schneiderman, are doing everything they can to sue me on a foundation that took in $18,800,000 and gave out to charity more money than it took in, $19,200,000. I won’t settle this case!...
So, the Democrats make up a phony crime, Collusion with the Russians, pay a foNow that I am back from Singapore, where we had a great result with respect to NoThe Republican PaCongratulations to @KevinCramer on his huge win in NoCongratulations to Danny Tarkanian on his big GOP primary win in Nevada. Danny worked hard an got a great result. Looking good in November!
Senator Claire McCaskill of the GREAT State of Missouri flew around in a luxurious private jet during her RV tour of the state. RV’s are not for her. People are really upset, so phony! Josh Hawley should win big, and has my full endorsement.
So funny to watch the Fake News, especially NBC and CNN. They are fighting hard to downplay the deal with NoOil prices are too high, OPEC is at it again. Not good!
The U.S., together with Mexico and Canada, just got the World Cup. Congratulations - a great deal of hard work!
We save a foBefore taking office people were assuming that we were going to War with NoJust landed - a long trip, but everybody can now feel much safer than the day I took office. There is no longer a Nuclear Threat from NoCongratulations to Corey Stewa...realize the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high, and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy!
RobeMy political representatives didn’t want me to get involved in the Mark Sanford primary thinking that Sanford would easily win - but with a few hours left I felt that Katie was such a good candidate, and Sanford was so bad, I had to give it a shot. Congrats to Katie Arrington!
A year ago the pundits &amp, talking heads, people that couldn’t do the job before, were begging for conciliation and peace - “please meet, don’t go to war.” Now that we meet and have a great relationship with Kim Jong Un, the same haters shout out, “you shouldn’t meet, do not meet!”
The World has taken a big step back from potential Nuclear catastrophe! No more rocket launches, nuclear testing or research! The hostages are back home with their families. Thank you to Chairman Kim, our day together was historic!
I want to thank Chairman Kim for taking the first bold step toward a bright new future for his people. Our unprecedented meeting – the first between an American President and a leader of No“At least two Memos Comey shared with a friend contained Classified Information.” Wall Street Journal
There is no limit to what NoKo can achieve when it gives up its nuclear weapons and embraces commerce &amp, engagement w/ the world. Chairman Kim has before him the oppoRobe...Got along great with Kim Jong-un who wants to see wonderful things for his country. As I said earlier today: Anyone can make war, but only the most courageous can make peace! #SingaporeSummit
Heading back home from Singapore after a truly amazing visit. Great progress was made on the denuclearization of NoMark Sanford has been very unhelpful to me in my campaign to MAGA. He is MIA and nothing but trouble. He is better off in Argentina. I fully endorse Katie Arrington for Congress in SC, a state I love. She is tough on crime and will continue our fight to lower taxes. VOTE Katie!
Our Great Larry Kudlow, who has been working so hard on trade and the economy, has just suffered a heaJust won big Supreme CouThe fact that I am having a meeting is a major loss for the U.S., say the haters &amp, losers. We have our hostages, testing, research and all missle launches have stoped, and these pundits, who have called me wrong from the beginning, have nothing else they can say! We will be fine!
Stock Market up almost 40% since the Election, with 7 Trillion Dollars of U.S. value built throughout the economy. Lowest unemployment rate in many decades, with Black &amp, Hispanic unemployment lowest in History, and Female unemployment lowest in 21 years. Highest confidence ever!
Meetings between staffs and representatives are going well and quickly....but in the end, that doesn’t matter. We will all know soon whether or not a real deal, unlike those of the past, can happen!
Sorry, we cannot let our friends, or enemies, take advantage of us on Trade anymore. We must put the American worker first!
Great to be in Singapore, excitement in the air!
....Germany pays 1% (slowly) of GDP towards NATO, while we pay 4% of a MUCH larger GDP. Does anybody believe that makes sense? We protect Europe (which is good) at great financial loss, and then get unfairly clobbered on Trade. Change is coming!
....And add to that the fact that the U.S. pays close to the entire cost of NATO-protecting many of these same countries that rip us off on Trade (they pay only a fraction of the cost-and laugh!). The European Union had a $151 Billion Surplus-should pay much more for Military!
Why should I, as President of the United States, allow countries to continue to make Massive Trade Surpluses, as they have for decades, while our Farmers, Workers &amp, Taxpayers have such a big and unfair price to pay? Not fair to the PEOPLE of America! $800 Billion Trade Deficit...
Fair Trade is now to be called Fool Trade if it is not Reciprocal. According to a Canada release, they make almost 100 Billion Dollars in Trade with U.S. (guess they were bragging and got caught!). Minimum is 17B. Tax Dairy from us at 270%. Then Justin acts huPM Justin Trudeau of Canada acted so meek and mild during our @G7 meetings only to give a news conference after I left saying that, “US Tariffs were kind of insulting” and he “will not be pushed around.” Very dishonest &amp, weak. Our Tariffs are in response to his of 270% on dairy!
Based on Justin’s false statements at his news conference, and the fact that Canada is charging massive Tariffs to our U.S. farmers, workers and companies, I have instructed our U.S. Reps not to endorse the Communique as we look at Tariffs on automobiles flooding the U.S. Market!
...Create peace and great prosperity for his land. I look forward to meeting him and have a feeling that this one-time oppoI am on my way to Singapore where we have a chance to achieve a truly wonderful result for NoThe United States will not allow other countries to impose massive Tariffs and Trade Barriers on its farmers, workers and companies. While sending their product into our country tax free. We have put up with Trade Abuse for many decades — and that is long enough.
...U.S.A. Trade. They fully understand where I am coming from. After many decades, fair and reciprocal Trade will happen!
Just left the @G7 Summit in beautiful Canada. Great meetings and relationships with the six Country Leaders especially since they know I cannot allow them to apply large Tariffs and strong barriers to...
Just met the new Prime Minister of Italy, @GiuseppeConteIT, a really great guy. He will be honored in Washington, at the @WhiteHouse, shoHenry McMaster loves the people of South Carolina and was with me from the beginning. He is strong on Crime and Borders, great for our Military and our Vets. He is doing a fantastic job as your Governor, and has my full endorsement, a special guy. Vote on Tuesday!
.@G7 Press Briefing in Charlevoix, Canada, prior to depaMy thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somalia. They are truly all HEROES.
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somolia. They are truly all HEROES.
I am heading for Canada and the G-7 for talks that will mostly center on the long time unfair trade practiced against the United States. From there I go to Singapore and talks with NoCongratulations to the Washington Capitals on their GREAT play and winning the Stanley Cup Championship. Alex Ovechkin, the team captain, was spectacular - a true Superstar! D.C. is popping, in many ways. What a time!
Looking forward to straightening out unfair Trade Deals with the G-7 countries. If it doesn’t happen, we come out even better!
Canada charges the U.S. a 270% tariff on Dairy Products! They didn’t tell you that, did they? Not fair to our farmers!
Obama, Schumer and Pelosi did NOTHING about NoWhy isn’t the European Union and Canada informing the public that for years they have used massive Trade Tariffs and non-monetary Trade Barriers against the U.S. Totally unfair to our farmers, workers &amp, companies. Take down your tariffs &amp, barriers or we will more than match you!
Prime Minister Trudeau is being so indignant, bringing up the relationship that the U.S. and Canada had over the many years and all soPlease tell Prime Minister Trudeau and President Macron that they are charging the U.S. massive tariffs and create non-monetary barriers. The EU trade surplus with the U.S. is $151 Billion, and Canada keeps our farmers and others out. Look forward to seeing them tomorrow.
The Obama Administration is now accused of trying to give Iran secret access to the financial system of the United States. This is totally illegal. Perhaps we could get the 13 Angry Democrats to diveWhen will people sta"Our Justice DepaLooking forward to seeing my friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan at noon. Will be discussing NoHow could Jeff Flake, who is setting record low polling numbers in Arizona and was therefore humiliatingly forced out of his own Senate seat without even a fight (and who doesn’t have a clue), think about running for office, even a lower one, again? Let’s face it, he’s a Flake!
When and where will all of the many conflicts of interest be listed by the 13 Angry Democrats (plus) working on the Witch Hunt Hoax. There has never been a group of people on a case so biased or conflicted. It is all a Democrat Excuse for LOSING the Election. Where is the server?
Alan Dershowitz, Harvard Law Professor: “It all proves that we never needed a Special Counsel....All of this could have been done by the Justice Dept. Don’t need a multi-million dollar group of people with a target on someone’s back. Not the way Justice should operate.” So true!
Alan Dershowitz, Harvard Law Professor: “It all proves that we never needed a Special Councel....All of this could have been done by the Justice Dept. Don’t need a multi-million dollar group of people with a target on someone’s back. Not the way Justice should operate.” So true!
Good luck to Alice Johnson. Have a wonderful life!
Congratulations to Dana Rohrabacher on his big California win. We are proud of you Dana!
Many more Republican voters showed up yesterday than the Fake News thought possible. The political pundits just don’t get what is going on out there - or they do get it but refuse to repo...Four repoThe Fake News Media has been so unfair, and vicious, to my wife and our great First Lady, Melania. During her recovery from surgery they repoGold Star father, Ceejay Metcalf, whose great son Michael was just honored at the White House, was fantastic this morning on @foxandfriends. He is a special man!
Great night for Republicans! Congratulations to John Cox on a really big number in California. He can win. Even Fake News CNN said the Trump impact was really big, much bigger than they ever thought possible. So much for the big Blue Wave, it may be a big Red Wave. Working hard!
Mitch McConnell announced he will cancel the Senate’s August Recess. Great, maybe the Democrats will finally get something done other than their acceptance of High Crime and High Taxes. We need Border Security!
....The greatest Witch Hunt in political history!
...This is a level of criminality beyond the pale. This is such a grave abuse of power and authority, it’s like nothing else we’ve seen in our history. This makes the Nixon Watergate burglary look like keystone cop stuff
Chris Farrell, Judicial Watch. “They were running an operation to undermine a candidate for President of the U.S. These are all violations of law. This is intelligence tradecraft to steer an election. There’s nothing more grave when it comes to abuse of our intelligence system...
Great interview by @LouDobbs with Chris Farrell of Judicial Watch concerning the governments counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign. SPYGATE at the highest level. Who would believe?
Wow, Strzok-Page, the incompetent &amp, corrupt FBI lovers, have texts referring to a counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign dating way back to December, 2015. SPYGATE is in full force! Is the Mainstream Media interested yet? Big stuff!
Imagine how much wasteful spending we’d save if we didn’t have Chuck and Nancy standing in our way! For years, Democrats in Congress have depleted our military and busted our budgets on needless spending, and to what end? No more.
The HISTORIC Rescissions Package we’ve proposed would cut $15,000,000,000 in Wasteful Spending! We are getting our government back on track.
Terrific new book out by the wonderful Harris Faulkner, “9 Rules of Engagement.” Harris shares lessons from a military family. Enjoy!
Senator @RogerWicker of Mississippi has done everything necessary to Make America Great Again! Get out and vote for Roger, he has my total suppoVote for Congressman Devin Nunes, a true American Patriot the likes of which we rarely see in our modern day world....he truly loves our country and deserves everyone’s suppoGet the vote out in California today for Rep. Kevin McCaIn High Tax, High Crime California, be sure to get out and vote for Republican John Cox for Governor. He will make a BIG difference!
Separating families at the Border is the fault of bad legislation passed by the Democrats. Border Security laws should be changed but the Dems can’t get their act together! Sta....@NASCAR and Champion @MaMeeting in Singapore with NoThe Russian Witch Hunt Hoax continues, all because Jeff Sessions didn’t tell me he was going to recuse himself...I would have quickly picked someone else. So much time and money wasted, so many lives ruined...and Sessions knew better than most that there was No Collusion!
We have had many Championship teams recently at the White House including the Chicago Cubs, Houston Astros, Pittsburgh Penguins, New England Patriots, Alabama and Clemson National Champions, and many others. National Anthem &amp, more great music today at 3:00 P.M.
We will proudly be playing the National Anthem and other wonderful music celebrating our Country today at 3 P.M., The White House, with the United States Marine Band and the United States Army Chorus. Honoring America! NFL, no escaping to Locker Rooms!
The U.S. has an increased economic value of more than 7 Trillion Dollars since the Election. May be the best economy in the history of our country. Record Jobs numbers. Nice!
What is taking so long with the Inspector General’s RepoThe Philadelphia Eagles Football Team was invited to the White House. UnfoBig Supreme CouIn many ways this is the greatest economy in the HISTORY of America and the best time EVER to look for a job!
The Fake News Media is desperate to distract from the economy and record setting economic numbers and so they keep talking about the phony Russian Witch Hunt.
The appointment of the Special Counsel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that, we play the game because I, unlike the Democrats, have done nothing wrong!
Farmers have not been doing well for 15 years. Mexico, Canada, China and others have treated them unfairly. By the time I finish trade talks, that will change. Big trade barriers against U.S. farmers, and other businesses, will finally be broken. Massive trade deficits no longer!
The appointment of the Special Councel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that, we play the game because I, unlike the Democrats, have done nothing wrong!
The U.S. has made such bad trade deals over so many years that we can only WIN!
China already charges a tax of 16% on soybeans. Canada has all soAs has been stated by numerous legal scholars, I have the absolute right to PARDON myself, but why would I do that when I have done nothing wrong? In the meantime, the never ending Witch Hunt, led by 13 very Angry and Conflicted Democrats (&amp, others) continues into the mid-terms!
“This is the best time EVER to look for a job.” James Freeman of WSJ.
....We had Repeal &amp, Replace done (and the saving to our country of one trillion dollars) except for one person, but it is getting done anyway. Individual Mandate is gone and great, less expensive plans will be announced this month. Drug prices coming down &amp, Right to Try!
This is my 500th. Day in Office and we have accomplished a lot - many believe more than any President in his first 500 days. Massive Tax &amp, Regulation Cuts, Military &amp, Vets, Lower Crime &amp, Illegal Immigration, Stronger Borders, Judgeships, Best Economy &amp, Jobs EVER, and much more...
Mark Penn “Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Counsel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses...Constitution was set up to prevent this...Stormtrooper tactics almost.” A disgrace!
Mark Penn “Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Councel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses...Constitution was set up to prevent this...Stormtrooper tactics almost.” A disgrace!
Looking forward to seeing Joshua Holt this evening in the White House. The great people of Utah are Celebrating!
....Paul ManafoAs only one of two people left who could become President, why wouldn’t the FBI or DepaJesse Watters “The only thing Trump obstructed was Hillary getting to the White House.” So true!
When you’re almost 800 Billion Dollars a year down on Trade, you can’t lose a Trade War! The U.S. has been ripped off by other countries for years on Trade, time to get smaWhy is it that the Wall Street Journal, though well meaning, never mentions the unfairness of the Tariffs routinely charged against the U.S. by other countries, or the many Billions of Dollars that the Tariffs we are now charging are, and will be, pouring into U.S. coffers?
The United States must, at long last, be treated fairly on Trade. If we charge a country ZERO to sell their goods, and they charge us 25, 50 or even 100 percent to sell ours, it is UNFAIR and can no longer be tolerated. That is not Free or Fair Trade, it is Stupid Trade!
“John Brennan, no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the intelligence community than this liar. Not only is he a liar, he’s a liar about being a liar.” Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends
“John Brennan, no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the Intelligence community than this liar. He’s a liar about being a liar.”
“We ran out of words to describe how good the jobs numbers are.” Neil Irwin of the @nytimes.
Canada has treated our Agricultural business and Farmers very poorly for a very long period of time. Highly restrictive on Trade! They must open their markets and take down their trade barriers! They repoLooking forward to seeing the employment numbers at 8:30 this morning.
Why aren’t they firing no talent Samantha Bee for the horrible language used on her low ratings show? A total double standard but that’s O.K., we are Winning, and will be doing so for a long time to come!
A.P. has just repoFAIR TRADE!
Will be giving a Full Pardon to Dinesh D’Souza today. He was treated very unfairly by our government!
Very good meetings with NoNot that it matters but I never fired James Comey because of Russia! The Corrupt Mainstream Media loves to keep pushing that narrative, but they know it is not true!
The corrupt Mainstream Media is working oveIger, where is my call of apology? You and ABC have offended millions of people, and they demand a response. How is Brian Ross doing? He tanked the market with an ABC lie, yet no apology. Double Standard!
RUSH LIMBAUGH “If the FBI was so concerned, and if they weren’t targeting Trump, they should have told Trump. If they were really concerned about the Russians infiltrating a campaign (hoax), then why not try to stop it? Why not tell Trump? Because they were pushing this scam.”
“The recusal of Jeff Sessions was an unforced betrayal of the President of the United States.” JOE DIGENOVA, former U.S. Attorney.
The soon to be released book, “The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton And Frame Donald Trump,” written by Gregg Jarrett, looks like a real deal big hit. The Phony Witch Hunt will be opened up for the world to see! Out in 5 weeks.
Very impoThere is no one better to represent the people of N.Y. and Staten Island (a place I know very well) than @RepDanDonovan, who is strong on Borders &amp, Crime, loves our Military &amp, our Vets, voted for Tax Cuts and is helping me to Make America Great Again. Dan has my full endorsement!
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn’t get the call?
The Failing and Corrupt @nytimes estimated the crowd last night at “1000 people,” when in fact it was many times that number - and the arena was rockin’. This is the way they demean and disparage. They are very dishonest people who don’t “get” me, and never did!
....There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else!” And I wish I did!
....chief law enforcement officer, and they told me later, ‘oh by the way I’m not going to be able to paRep.Trey Gowdy, “I don’t think so, I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before he took the job, not afterward. If I were the President and I picked someone to be the country’s....
The Fake Mainstream Media has, from the time I announced I was running for President, run the most highly sophisticated &amp, dishonest Disinformation Campaign in the history of politics. No matter how well WE do, they find fault. But the forgotten men &amp, women WON, I’m President!
Sorry, I’ve got to staWhy aren’t the 13 Angry and heavily conflicted Democrats investigating the totally Crooked Campaign of totally Crooked Hillary Clinton. It’s a Rigged Witch Hunt, that’s why! Ask them if they enjoyed her after election celebration!
The 13 Angry Democrats (plus people who worked 8 years for Obama) working on the rigged Russia Witch Hunt, will be MEDDLING with the mid-term elections, especially now that Republicans (stay tough!) are taking the lead in Polls. There was no Collusion, except by the Democrats!
“This investigation involved far more surveillance than we ever had any idea about. It wasn’t just a wiretap against a campaign aide...it was secretly gathering information on the Trump Campaign...people call that Spying...this is unprecedented and scandalous.” Mollie Hemingway
We have put a great team together for our talks with NoDemocrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from Obama’s term showing children from the Border in steel cages. They thought it was recent pictures in order to make us look bad, but backfires. Dems must agree to Wall and new Border Protection for good of country...BipaCalifornia has a rare oppoA Democratic lawmaker just introduced a bill to Repeal the GOP Tax Cuts (no chance). This is too good to be true for Republicans...Remember, the Nancy Pelosi Dems are also weak on Crime, the Border and want to be gentle and kind to MS-13 gang members...not good!
“We now find out that the Obama Administration put the opposing campaigns presidential candidate, or his campaign, under investigation. That raises legitimate questions. I just find this really odd...this goes to the hea“Sally Yates is pa“The President deserves some answers.” @FoxNews in discussing “SPYGATE.”
Happy Memorial Day! Those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today. Best economy in decades, lowest unemployment numbers for Blacks and Hispanics EVER (&amp, women in 18years), rebuilding our Military and so much more. Nice!
Why didn’t President Obama do something about the so-called Russian Meddling when he was told about it by the FBI before the Election? Because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win, and he didn’t want to upset the apple caOur United States team has arrived in NoWhy didn’t the 13 Angry Democrats investigate the campaign of Crooked Hillary Clinton, many crimes, much Collusion with Russia? Why didn’t the FBI take the Server from the DNC? Rigged Investigation!
Fantastic to have 400,000 GREAT MEN &amp, WOMEN of Rolling Thunder in D.C. showing their patriotism. They love our Country, they love our Flag, they stand for our National Anthem! Thanks to Executive Director AWho’s going to give back the young and beautiful lives (and others) that have been devastated and destroyed by the phony Russia Collusion Witch Hunt? They journeyed down to Washington, D.C., with stars in their eyes and wanting to help our nation...They went back home in tatters!
When will the 13 Angry Democrats (&amp, those who worked for President O), reveal their disqualifying Conflicts of Interest? It’s been a long time now! Will they be indelibly written into the RepoThis whole Russia Probe is Rigged. Just an excuse as to why the Dems and Crooked Hillary lost the Election and States that haven’t been lost in decades. 13 Angry Democrats, and all Dems if you include the people who worked for Obama for 8 years. #SPYGATE &amp, CONFLICTS OF INTEREST!
With Spies, or “Informants” as the Democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister (but it’s not), all over my campaign, even from a very early date, why didn’t the crooked highest levels of the FBI or “Justice” contact me to tell me of the phony Russia problem?
The Failing @nytimes quotes “a senior White House official,” who doesn’t exist, as saying “even if the meeting were reinstated, holding it on June 12 would be impossible, given the lack of time and the amount of planning needed.” WRONG AGAIN! Use real people, not phony sources.
Unlike what the Failing and Corrupt New York Times would like people to believe, there is ZERO disagreement within the Trump Administration as to how to deal with NoThanks to very brave Teacher &amp, Hero Jason Seaman of Noblesville, Indiana, for his heroic act in saving so many precious young lives. His quick and automatic action is being talked about all over the world!
Put pressure on the Democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there parents once they cross the Border into the U.S. Catch and Release, Lottery and Chain must also go with it and we MUST continue building the WALL! DEMOCRATS ARE PROTECTING MS-13 THUGS.
Good news about the release of the American hostage from Venezuela. Should be landing in D.C. this evening and be in the White House, with his family, at about 7:00 P.M. The great people of Utah will be very happy!
We are having very productive talks with No...but complain and obstruct. They made only bad deals (Iran) and their so-called Trade Deals are the laughing stock of the world!
Senator Schumer and Obama Administration let phone company ZTE flourish with no security checks. I closed it down then let it reopen with high level security guarantees, change of management and board, must purchase U.S. paFunny to watch the Democrats criticize Trade Deals being negotiated by me when they don’t even know what the deals are and when for 8 years the Obama Administration did NOTHING on trade except let other countries rip off the United States. Lost almost $800 Billion/year under “O”
Chicago Police have every right to legally protest against the mayor and an administration that just won’t let them do their job. The killings are at a record pace and tough police work, which Chicago will not allow, would bring things back to order fast...the killings must stop!
Very good news to receive the warm and productive statement from NoDemocrats are so obviously rooting against us in our negotiations with No“Everyone knows there was a Spy, and in fact the people who were involved in the Spying are admitting that there was a Spy...Widespread Spying involving multiple people.” Mollie Hemingway, The Federalist Senior Editor But the corrupt Mainstream Media hates this monster story!
Not surprisingly, the GREAT Men &amp, Women of the FBI are staChina has agreed to buy massive amounts of ADDITIONAL Farm/Agricultural Products - would be one of the best things to happen to our farmers in many years!
Clapper has now admitted that there was Spying in my campaign. Large dollars were paid to the Spy, far beyond normal. StaWill be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
WITCH HUNT!
There will be big news coming soon for our great American Autoworkers. After many decades of losing your jobs to other countries, you have waited long enough!
Big legislation will be signed by me shoOur Trade Deal with China is moving along nicely, but in the end we will probably have to use a different structure in that this will be too hard to get done and to verify results after completion.
“Trump should be happy that the FBI was SPYING on his campaign” No, James Clapper, I am not happy. Spying on a campaign would be illegal, and a scandal to boot!
Everybody is with Tomi Lahren, a truly outstanding and respected young woman! @foxandfriends
SPYGATE could be one of the biggest political scandals in history!
“It’s clear that they had eyes and ears all over the Trump Campaign” Judge Andrew Napolitano
Look how things have turned around on the Criminal Deep State. They go after Phony Collusion with Russia, a made up Scam, and end up getting caught in a major SPY scandal the likes of which this country may never have seen before! What goes around, comes around!
...Follow the money! The spy was there early in the campaign and yet never repoIf the person placed very early into my campaign wasn’t a SPY put there by the previous Administration for political purposes, how come such a seemingly massive amount of money was paid for services rendered - many times higher than normal...
It was my honor to welcome @NASCAR Cup Series Champion @MaWhen you’re already $500 Billion DOWN, you can’t lose!
.@AsaHutchinson, the great Governor of Arkansas, is in a primary tomorrow. He has done an incredible job with a focus on lower taxes, border security, and crime prevention. Asa loves our military and our veterans. I fully endorse Asa for Governor!
Under our potential deal with China, they will purchase from our Great American Farmers practically as much as our Farmers can produce.
The Wall Street Journal asks, “WHERE IN THE WORLD WAS BARACK OBAMA?” A very good question!
...they then used to sta....top of the FBI. Brennan sta“John Brennan is panicking. He has disgraced himself, he has disgraced the Country, he has disgraced the entire Intelligence Community. He is the one man who is largely responsible for the destruction of American’s faith in the Intelligence Community and in some people at the....
China must continue to be strong &amp, tight on the Border of NoOn China, Barriers and Tariffs to come down for first time.
I ask Senator Chuck Schumer, why didn’t President Obama &amp, the Democrats do something about Trade with China, including Theft of Intellectual PropeI hereby demand, and will do so officially tomorrow, that the DepaThe Witch Hunt finds no Collusion with Russia - so now they’re looking at the rest of the World. Oh’ great!
....and why hasn’t the Podesta brother been charged and arrested, like others, after being forced to close down his very large and successful firm? Is it because he is a VERY well connected Democrat working in the Swamp of Washington, D.C.?
What ever happened to the Server, at the center of so much Corruption, that the Democratic National Committee REFUSED to hand over to the hard charging (except in the case of Democrats) FBI? They broke into homes &amp, offices early in the morning, but were afraid to take the Server?
Now that the Witch Hunt has given up on Russia and is looking at the rest of the World, they should easily be able to take it into the Mid-Term Elections where they can put some hu...in the Hillary Clinton Campaign where she deleted 33,000 Emails, got $145,000,000 while Secretary of State, paid McCabes wife $700,000 (and got off the FBI hook along with Terry M) and so much more. Republicans and real Americans should sta....At what point does this soon to be $20,000,000 Witch Hunt, composed of 13 Angry and Heavily Conflicted Democrats and two people who have worked for Obama for 8 years, STOP! They have found no Collussion with Russia, No Obstruction, but they aren’t looking at the corruption...
Things are really getting ridiculous. The Failing and Crooked (but not as Crooked as Hillary Clinton) @nytimes has done a long &amp, boring story indicating that the World’s most expensive Witch Hunt has found nothing on Russia &amp, me so now they are looking at the rest of the World!
If the FBI or DOJ was infiltrating a campaign for the benefit of another campaign, that is a really big deal. Only the release or review of documents that the House Intelligence Committee (also, Senate Judiciary) is asking for can give the conclusive answers. Drain the Swamp!
Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melania is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!
Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melanie is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!
America is blessed with extraordinary energy abundance, including more than 250 years woCalifornia finally deserves a great Governor, one who understands borders, crime and lowering taxes. John Cox is the man - he’ll be the best Governor you’ve ever had. I fully endorse John Cox for Governor and look forward to working with him to Make California Great Again!
We grieve for the terrible loss of life, and send our suppoSchool shooting in Texas. Early repoRepoWhy isn’t disgraced FBI official Andrew McCabe being investigated for the $700,000 Crooked Hillary Democrats in Virginia, led by Clinton best friend Terry M (under FBI investigation that they killed) gave to McCabe’s wife in her run for office? Then dropped case on Clinton!
Fake News Media had me calling Immigrants, or Illegal Immigrants, “Animals.” Wrong! They were begrudgingly forced to withdraw their stories. I referred to MS 13 Gang Members as “Animals,” a big difference - and so true. Fake News got it purposely wrong, as usual!
“Apparently the DOJ put a Spy in the Trump Campaign. This has never been done before and by any means necessary, they are out to frame Donald Trump for crimes he didn’t commit.” David Asman @LouDobbs @GreggJarrett Really bad stuff!
Congrats to the House for passing the VA MISSION Act yesterday. Without this funding our veterans will be forced to stand in never ending lines in order to receive care. Putting politics over our veterans care is UNACCEPTABLE – Senate must vote yes on this bill by Memorial Day!
Despite the disgusting, illegal and unwarranted Witch Hunt, we have had the most successful first 17 month Administration in U.S. history - by far! Sorry to the Fake News Media and “Haters,” but that’s the way it is!
Wow, word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN EMBEDDED INFORMANT.” Andrew McCaWow, word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN IMBEDDED INFORMANT.” Andrew McCaCongratulations America, we are now into the second year of the greatest Witch Hunt in American History...and there is still No Collusion and No Obstruction. The only Collusion was that done by Democrats who were unable to win an Election despite the spending of far more money!
Gina Haspel is one step closer to leading our brave men and women at the CIA. She is exceptionally qualified and the Senate should confirm her immediately. We need her to keep our great country safe! #ConfirmGina
...and voted against the massive Tax Cut Bill. He’s also weak on borders and crime. Sadly, our great Military and Vets mean nothing to Bobby Jr. Lou Barletta will win! #MAGA
Lou Barletta will be a great Senator for Pennsylvania but his opponent, Bob Casey, has been a do-nothing Senator who only shows up at election time. He votes along the Nancy Pelosi, Elizabeth Warren lines, loves sanctuary cities, bad and expensive healthcare...
House votes today on Choice/MISSION Act. Who will stand with our Great Vets, caregivers, and Veterans Service Organizations? Must get Choice passed by Memorial Day!
...haven’t even sta...We have not seen China’s demands yet, which should be few in that previous U.S. Administrations have done so poorly in negotiating. China has seen our demands. There has been no folding as the media would love people to believe, the meetings...
The Washington Post and CNN have typically written false stories about our trade negotiations with China. Nothing has happened with ZTE except as it peCongratulations to Deb Fischer. The people of Nebraska have seen what a great job she is doing - and it showed up at the ballot box! #MAGA
Congratulations to Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania. He will be a great Senator and will represent his people well - like they haven’t been represented in many years. Lou is a friend of mine and a special guy, he will very much help MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Can you believe that with all of the made up, unsourced stories I get from the Fake News Media, together with the $10,000,000 Russian Witch Hunt (there is no Collusion), I now have my best Poll Numbers in a year. Much of the Media may be corrupt, but the People truly get it!
Trade negotiations are continuing with China. They have been making hundreds of billions of dollars a year from the U.S., for many years. Stay tuned!
Heading over to Walter Reed Medical Center to see our great First Lady, Melania. Successful procedure, she is in good spirits. Thank you to all of the well-wishers!
The so-called leaks coming out of the White House are a massive over exaggeration put out by the Fake News Media in order to make us look as bad as possible. With that being said, leakers are traitors and cowards, and we will find out who they are!
Big day for Israel. Congratulations!
U.S. Embassy opening in Jerusalem will be covered live on @FoxNews &amp, @FoxBusiness. Lead up to 9:00 A.M. (eastern) event has already begun. A great day for Israel!
So sad to see the Terror Attack in Paris. At some point countries will have to open their eyes &amp, see what is really going on. This kind of sickness &amp, hatred is not compatible with a loving, peaceful, &amp, successful country! Changes to our thought process on terror must be made.
Remember how badly Iran was behaving with the Iran Deal in place. They were trying to take over the Middle East by whatever means necessary. Now, that will not happen!
China and the United States are working well together on trade, but past negotiations have been so one sided in favor of China, for so many years, that it is hard for them to make a deal that benefits both countries. But be cool, it will all work out!
The Senate should get funding done before the August break, or NOT GO HOME. Wall and Border Security should be included. Also waiting for approval of almost 300 nominations, worst in history. Democrats are doing everything possible to obstruct, all they know how to do. STAY!
Iran’s Military Budget is up more than 40% since the Obama negotiated Nuclear Deal was reached...just another indicator that it was all a big lie. But not anymore!
The highly anticipated meeting between Kim Jong Un and myself will take place in Singapore on June 12th. We will both try to make it a very special moment for World Peace!
Five Most Wanted leaders of ISIS just captured!
Senator Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fought hard against the Bad Iran Deal, even going at it with President Obama, &amp, then Voted AGAINST it! Now he says I should not have terminated the deal - but he doesn’t really believe that! Same with Comey. Thought he was terrible until I fired him!
Gina Haspel did a spectacular job today. There is nobody even close to run the CIA!
Looking forward to greeting the Hostages (no longer) at 2:00 A.M.
The Failing New York Times criticized Secretary of State Pompeo for being AWOL (missing), when in fact he was flying to NoSecretary Pompeo and his “guests” will be landing at Andrews Air Force Base at 2:00 A.M. in the morning. I will be there to greet them. Very exciting!
I am pleased to inform you that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is in the air and on his way back from NoCongratulations to Mike Dewine on his big win in the Great State of Ohio. He will be a great Governor with a heavy focus on HealthCare and Jobs. His Socialist opponent in November should not do well, a big failure in last job!
Candace Owens of Turning Point USA is having a big impact on politics in our Country. She represents an ever expanding group of very smaDespite the Aluminum Tariffs, Aluminum prices are DOWN 4%. People are surprised, I’m not! Lots of money coming into U.S. coffers and Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
John Kerry can’t get over the fact that he had his chance and blew it! Stay away from negotiations John, you are huI will be speaking to my friend, President Xi of China, this morning at 8:30. The primary topics will be Trade, where good things will happen, and NoGina Haspel, my highly respected nominee to lead the CIA, is being praised for the fact that she has been, and alway will be, TOUGH ON TERROR! This is a woman who has been a leader wherever she has gone. The CIA wants her to lead them into America’s bright and glorious future!
I will be announcing my decision on the Iran Deal tomorrow from the White House at 2:00pm.
National Prescription Drug #TakeBackDay numbers are in! Another record broken: nearly 1 MILLION pounds of Rx pills disposed! Let’s keep fighting this opioid epidemic, America!
The United States does not need John Kerry’s possibly illegal Shadow Diplomacy on the very badly negotiated Iran Deal. He was the one that created this MESS in the first place!
Is this Phony Witch Hunt going to go on even longer so it wrongfully impacts the Mid-Term Elections, which is what the Democrats always intended? Republicans better get tough and smaLisa Page, who may hold the record for the most Emails in the sho“The Great Revolt” by Salena Zito and Brad Todd does much to tell the story of our great Election victory. The Forgotten Men &amp, Women are forgotten no longer!
The 13 Angry Democrats in charge of the Russian Witch Hunt are staThe Russia Witch Hunt is rapidly losing credibility. House Intelligence Committee found No Collusion, Coordination or anything else with Russia. So now the Probe says OK, what else is there? How about Obstruction for a made up, phony crime.There is no O, it’s called Fighting Back
My highly respected nominee for CIA Director, Gina Haspel, has come under fire because she was too tough on Terrorists. Think of that, in these very dangerous times, we have the most qualified person, a woman, who Democrats want OUT because she is too tough on terror. Win Gina!
To the great people of West Virginia we have, together, a really great chance to keep making a big difference. Problem is, Don Blankenship, currently running for Senate, can’t win the General Election in your State...No way! Remember Alabama. Vote Rep. Jenkins or A.G. Morrisey!
Our high level delegation is on the way back from China where they had long meetings with Chinese leaders and business representatives. We will be meeting tomorrow to determine the results, but it is hard for China in that they have become very spoiled with U.S. trade wins!
Just returned home to the beautiful White House, from Dallas, where the Arena was packed to the rafters with the great fans and suppoGreat book just out by very successful businessman @AndyPuzder. Always known as somebody who knows how to win, “Capitalist Comeback” will be a big hit!
We are going to demand Congress secure the border in the upcoming CR. Illegal immigration must end!
Democrats and liberals in Congress want to disarm law-abiding Americans at the same time they are releasing dangerous criminal aliens and savage gang members onto our streets. Politicians who put criminal aliens before American Citizens should be voted out of office!
All of us here today are united by the same timeless values. We believe that our libeNBC NEWS is wrong again! They cite “sources” which are constantly wrong. Problem is, like so many others, the sources probably don’t exist, they are fabricated, fiction! NBC, my former home with the Apprentice, is now as bad as Fake News CNN. Sad!
Andy McCaBecause Jobs in the U.S. are doing so well, Americans receiving unemployment aid is the lowest since 1973. Great!
Our Southern Border is under siege. Congress must act now to change our weak and ineffective immigration laws. Must build a Wall. Mexico, which has a massive crime problem, is doing little to help!
This spring marks 4yrs since the Phoenix VA crisis. We won't forget what happened to our GREAT VETS. Choice is vital, but the program needs work &amp, is running out of $. Congress must fix Choice Program by Memorial Day so VETS can get the care they deserve. I will sign immediately!
...despite already having signed a detailed letter admitting that there was no affair. Prior to its violation by Ms. Clifford and her attorney, this was a private agreement. Money from the campaign, or campaign contributions, played no roll in this transaction.
...very common among celebrities and people of wealth. In this case it is in full force and effect and will be used in Arbitration for damages against Ms. Clifford (Daniels). The agreement was used to stop the false and extoMr. Cohen, an attorney, received a monthly retainer, not from the campaign and having nothing to do with the campaign, from which he entered into, through reimbursement, a private contract between two paOur great financial team is in China trying to negotiate a level playing field on trade! I look forward to being with President Xi in the not too distant future. We will always have a good (great) relationship!
Ainsley Earnhardt, a truly great person, just wrote a wonderful book, “The Light Within Me,” which is doing really well. She is very special and so is her new book...bring it to number one!
A Rigged System - They don’t want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redacting? Why such unequal “justice?” At some point I will have no choice but to use the powers granted to the Presidency and get involved!
NEW BOOK - A MUST READ! “The Russia Hoax - The Illicit Scheme to Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump” by the brilliant Fox News Legal Analyst Gregg Jarrett. A sad chapter for law enforcement. A rigged system!
It would seem very hard to obstruct justice for a crime that never happened! Witch Hunt!
Delegation heading to China to begin talks on the Massive Trade Deficit that has been created with our Country. Very much like NoSo disgraceful that the questions concerning the Russian Witch Hunt were “leaked” to the media. No questions on Collusion. Oh, I see...you have a made up, phony crime, Collusion, that never existed, and an investigation begun with illegally leaked classified information. Nice!
The White House is running very smoothly despite phony Witch Hunts etc. There is great Energy and unending Stamina, both necessary to get things done. We are accomplishing the unthinkable and setting positive records while doing so! Fake News is going “bonkers!”
The Fake News is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources (who don’t exist). They are totally unhinged, and the great success of this Administration is making them do and say things that even they can’t believe they are saying. Truly bad people!
During Small Business Week, we celebrate the great, hard-working entrepreneurs across our country who have staThe migrant ‘caravan’ that is openly defying our border shows how weak &amp, ineffective U.S. immigration laws are. Yet Democrats like Jon Tester continue to suppoI recently had a terrific meeting with a bipaNumerous countries are being considered for the MEETING, but would Peace House/Freedom House, on the Border of NoThe White House Correspondents’ Dinner is DEAD as we know it. This was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our great Country and all that it stands for. FAKE NEWS is alive and well and beautifully represented on Saturday night!
Headline: “Kim Prepared to Cede Nuclear Weapons if U.S. Pledges Not to Invade” - from the Failing New York Times. Also, will shut down Nuclear Test Site in May.
The White House Correspondents’ Dinner was a failure last year, but this year was an embarrassment to everyone associated with it. The filthy “comedian” totally bombed (couldn’t even deliver her lines-much like the Seth Meyers weak performance). Put Dinner to rest, or sta“Trump’s Triumphs are driving his critics Crazy!” Thank you Steve Hilton @NextRevFNC, just want to do what is right for our wonderful U.S.A.
Just got recent Poll - much higher than President O at same time....Well, much more has been accomplished!
While Washington, Michigan, was a big success, Washington, D.C., just didn’t work. Everyone is talking about the fact that the White House Correspondents Dinner was a very big, boring bust...the so-called comedian really “bombed.” @greggutfeld should host next year! @PeteHegseth
Great evening last night in Washington, Michigan. The enthusiasm, knowledge and love in that room was unreal. To the many thousands of people who couldn’t get in, I cherish you....and will be back!
Join me LIVE in Washington, Michigan at 7:00pmE on @FoxNews! #MAGA
Secret Service has just informed me that Senator Jon Tester’s statements on Admiral Jackson are not true. There were no such findings. A horrible thing that we in D.C. must live with, just like phony Russian Collusion. Tester should lose race in Montana. Very dishonest and sick!
Look forward to being in the Great State of Michigan tonight. Major business expansion and jobs pouring into your State. Auto companies expanding at record pace. Big crowd tonight, will be live on T.V.
Just had a long and very good talk with President Moon of South Korea. Things are going very well, time and location of meeting with No“Clapper lied about (fraudulent) Dossier leaks to CNN” @foxandfriends FoxNews He is a lying machine who now works for Fake News CNN.
....great people of Montana will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being. Admiral Jackson is the kind of man that those in Montana would most respect and admire, and now, for no reason whatsoever, his reputation has been shattered. Not fair, Tester!
Allegations made by Senator Jon Tester against Admiral/Doctor Ron Jackson are proving false. The Secret Service is unable to confirm (in fact they deny) any of the phony Democrat charges which have absolutely devastated the wonderful Jackson family. Tester should resign. The.....
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along, it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Counsel appointed. Witch Hunt!
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along, it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Councel appointed. Witch Hunt!
Just Out: House Intelligence Committee RepoLook forward to meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany today. So much to discuss, so little time! It will be good for both of our great countries!
Kanye West has performed a great service to the Black Community - Big things are happening and eyes are being opened for the first time in Decades - Legacy Stuff! Thank you also to Chance and Dr. Darrell Scott, they really get it (lowest Black &amp, Hispanic unemployment in history).
Please do not forget the great help that my good friend, President Xi of China, has given to the United States, paSo great to have Staff Sgt. Dan Nevins and the incredible WOUNDED WARRIORS with me in the White House yesterday. These are truly brave and special people! @foxandfriends
KOREAN WAR TO END! The United States, and all of its GREAT people, should be very proud of what is now taking place in Korea!
After a furious year of missile launches and Nuclear testing, a historic meeting between NoIs everybody believing what is going on. James Comey can’t define what a leak is. He illegally leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION but doesn’t understand what he did or how serious it is. He lied all over the place to cover it up. He’s either very sick or very dumb. Remember sailor!
The U.S. has put together a STRONG bid w/ Canada &amp, Mexico for the 2026 World Cup. It would be a shame if countries that we always suppoLoved being on @foxandfriends this morning. Great show!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Looking forward to my meeting with Tim Cook of Apple. We will be talking about many things, including how the U.S. has been treated unfairly for many years, by many countries, on trade.
.@FLOTUS did a spectacular job hosting the President of France @EmmanuelMacron and his wife Brigitte. Every detail was done to perfection. The State Dining Room never looked more beautiful, and Washington is abuzz over what an incredible job Melania did.
Busy day planned. Looking forward to watching President Macron of France address a Joint Session of Congress today. This is a great honor and seldom allowed to be done...he will be GREAT!
Congratulations to Republican Debbie Lesko on her big win in the Special Election for Arizona House seat. Debbie will do a Great Job! Press is so silent.
.@JimRenacci has worked so hard on Tax Reductions, Illegal Immigration, the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio, and has my full endorsement!
.@JimRenacci has worked so hard on Tax Reductions, Illegal Immigration, the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio, and has my full endorsement!
Arizona, please get out today and vote @DebbieLesko for Congress in #AZ08. Strong on Border, Immigration and Crime. Great on the Military. Time is ticking down - get out and VOTE today. We need Debbie in Congress!
Having great meetings and discussions with my friend, President @EmmanuelMacron of France. We are in the midst of meetings on Iran, Syria and Trade. We will be holding a joint press conference shoHere’s a great stat - since January 2017, the number of people forced to use food stamps is down 1.9 million. The American people are finally back to work!
Mexico, whose laws on immigration are very tough, must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. We may make this a condition of the new NAFTA Agreement. Our Country cannot accept what is happening! Also, we must get Wall funding fast.
Despite the Democrat inspired laws on Sanctuary Cities and the Border being so bad and one sided, I have instructed the Secretary of Homeland Security not to let these large Caravans of people into our Country. It is a disgrace. We are the only Country in the World so naive! WALL
Hard to believe Obstructionists May vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State. The Dems will not approve hundreds of good people, including the Ambassador to Germany. They are maxing out the time on approval process for all, never happened before. Need more Republicans!
Kim Strassel of the WSJ just said, after reviewing the dumb Comey Memos, “you got to ask, what was the purpose of the Special Counsel? There’s no there there.” Dan Henninger of the WSJ said Memos would show that this would be one of the weakest obstruction cases ever brought!
Funny how all of the Pundits that couldn’t come close to making a deal on No“I can die happy now with Trump Job performance,” stated Mary Matalin. “A great overall President, stunning!” Thank you Mary.
....We are a long way from conclusion on NoSleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake News NBC just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with No“GOP Lawmakers asking Sessions to Investigate Comey and Hillary Clinton.” @FoxNews Good luck with that request!
The Washington Post said I refer to Jeff Sessions as “Mr. Magoo” and Rod Rosenstein as “Mr. Peepers.” This is “according to people with whom the president has spoken.” There are no such people and don’t know these characters...just more Fake &amp, Disgusting News to create ill will!
James Comey’s Memos are Classified, I did not Declassify them. They belong to our Government! Therefore, he broke the law! Additionally, he totally made up many of the things he said I said, and he is already a proven liar and leaker. Where are Memos on Clinton, Lynch &amp, others?
Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson. His trials and tribulations were great, his life complex and controversial. Others have looked at this over the years, most thought it would be done, but yes, I am considering a Full Pardon!
So funny, the Democrats have sued the Republicans for Winning. Now he R’s counter and force them to turn over a treasure trove of material, including Servers and Emails!
Heading to the Southern White House to watch the Funeral Service of Barbara Bush. First Lady Melania has arrived in Houston to pay our respects. Will be a beautiful day!
....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I don’t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!
....non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked &amp, respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble, even if....
The New York Times and a third rate repo....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I don’t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!
....non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked &amp, respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble, even if....
The New York Times and a third rate repoA message from Kim Jong Un: “NoJames Comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a Special Council? Therefore, the Special Council was established based on an illegal act? Really, does everybody know what that means?
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI, the Debbie Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
NoJust heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI, the Wendy Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
Can you believe that despite 93% bad stories from the Fake News Media (should be getting good stories), today we had just about our highest Poll Numbers, including those on Election Day? The American public is wise to the phony an dishonest press. Make America Great Again!
Looks like OPEC is at it again. With record amounts of Oil all over the place, including the fully loaded ships at sea, Oil prices are aNancy Pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big Tax Cuts given to the American People by the Republicans...got not one Democrat Vote! Here’s a choice. They want to end them and raise your taxes substantially. Republicans are working on making them permanent and more cuts!
So exciting! I have agreed to be the Commencement Speaker at our GREAT Naval Academy on May 25th in Annapolis, Maryland. Looking forward to being there.
So General Michael Flynn’s life can be totally destroyed while Shadey James Comey can Leak and Lie and make lots of money from a third rate book (that should never have been written). Is that really the way life in America is supposed to work? I don’t think so!
James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION. Also, he leaked classified information. WOW! Will the Witch Hunt continue?
James Comey just threw Andrew McCabe “under the bus.” Inspector General’s RepoSanctuary Cities released at least 142 Gang Members across the United States, making it easy for them to commit all forms of violent crimes where none would have existed. We are doing a great job of law enforcement, but things such as this make safety in America difficult!
My thoughts, prayers and condolences are with the families, friends and colleagues of the two @GCSOFlorida deputies (HEROES) who lost their lives in the line of duty today.
Mike Pompeo is outstanding. First in his class at West Point. A top student at Harvard Law School. A success at whatever he has done. We need the Senate to approve Mike ASAP. He will be a great Secretary of State!
...Hopefully the Senate will not leave Washington until our Ambassadors, Judges and the people who make Washington work are approved. The Democrats are Obstructing the process and we need these people approved for the good of our Country!
Democrats are obstructing good (hopefully great) people wanting to give up a big po.@MarshaBlackburn is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her. Great on the Military, Border Security and Crime. Loves and works hard for the people of Tennessee. She has my full endorsement and I will be there to campaign with her!
THANK YOU #JIATFSouth, @Norad_NoJust arrived @NASKeyWest! Heading to a briefing with the Joint Interagency Task Force South, NOGovernor Jerry Brown announced he will deploy “up to 400 National Guard Troops” to do nothing. The crime rate in California is high enough, and the Federal Government will not be paying for Governor Brown’s charade. We need border security and action, not words!
Best wishes to Prime Minister @Netanyahu and all of the people of Israel on the 70th Anniversary of your Great Independence. We have no better friends anywhere. Looking forward to moving our Embassy to Jerusalem next month!
Slippery James Comey, the worst FBI Director in history, was not fired because of the phony Russia investigation where, by the way, there was NO COLLUSION (except by the Dems)!
There is a Revolution going on in California. Soooo many Sanctuary areas want OUT of this ridiculous, crime infested &amp, breeding concept. Jerry Brown is trying to back out of the National Guard at the Border, but the people of the State are not happy. Want Security &amp, Safety NOW!
While Japan and South Korea would like us to go back into TPP, I don’t like the deal for the United States. Too many contingencies and no way to get out if it doesn’t work. Bilateral deals are far more efficient, profitable and better for OUR workers. Look how bad WTO is to U.S.
Pastor Andrew Brunson, a fine gentleman and Christian leader in the United States, is on trial and being persecuted in Turkey for no reason. They call him a Spy, but I am more a Spy than he is. Hopefully he will be allowed to come home to his beautiful family where he belongs!
States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to traditional tax paying stores!
....Congress – House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed from our society. Keep America Safe!
Rasmussen just came out at 51% Approval despite the Fake News Media. They were one of the three most accurate on Election Day. Just about the most inaccurate were CNN and ABC News/Washington Post, and they haven’t changed (get new pollsters). Much of the media is a Scam!
Getting ready to meet Prime Minister Abe of Japan, a truly fine gentleman!
So many people are seeing the benefits of the Tax Cut Bill. Everyone is talking, really nice to see!
Looks like Jerry Brown and California are not looking for safety and security along their very porous Border. He cannot come to terms for the National Guard to patrol and protect the Border. The high crime rate will only get higher. Much wanted Wall in San Diego already staI am in Florida and looking forward to my meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Working on Trade and Military Security.
Employment is up, Taxes are DOWN. Enjoy!
Russia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the U.S. keeps raising interest rates. Not acceptable!
Comey drafted the Crooked Hillary exoneration long before he talked to her (lied in Congress to Senator G), then based his decisions on her poll numbers. Disgruntled, he, McCabe, and the others, committed many crimes!
Just hit 50% in the Rasmussen Poll, much higher than President Obama at same point. With all of the phony stories and Fake News, it’s hard to believe! Thank you America, we are doing Great Things.
Slippery James Comey, a man who always ends up badly and out of whack (he is not smaAttorney Client privilege is now a thing of the past. I have many (too many!) lawyers and they are probably wondering when their offices, and even homes, are going to be raided with everything, including their phones and computers, taken. All lawyers are deflated and concerned!
I never asked Comey for Personal Loyalty. I hardly even knew this guy. Just another of his many lies. His “memos” are self serving and FAKE!
The Syrian raid was so perfectly carried out, with such precision, that the only way the Fake News Media could demean was by my use of the term “Mission Accomplished.” I knew they would seize on this but felt it is such a great Military term, it should be brought back. Use often!
Comey throws AG Lynch “under the bus!” Why can’t we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the plane with Wild Bill and Lynch? Was she promised a Supreme CouThe big questions in Comey’s badly reviewed book aren’t answered like, how come he gave up Classified Information (jail), why did he lie to Congress (jail), why did the DNC refuse to give Server to the FBI (why didn’t they TAKE it), why the phony memos, McCabe’s $700,000 &amp, more?
Unbelievably, James Comey states that Polls, where Crooked Hillary was leading, were a factor in the handling (stupidly) of the Clinton Email probe. In other words, he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win, and he wanted a job. Slimeball!
So proud of our great Military which will soon be, after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars, the finest that our Country has ever had. There won’t be anything, or anyone, even close!
A perfectly executed strike last night. Thank you to France and the United Kingdom for their wisdom and the power of their fine Military. Could not have had a better result. Mission Accomplished!
....untruthful slime ball who was, as time has proven, a terrible Director of the FBI. His handling of the Crooked Hillary Clinton case, and the events surrounding it, will go down as one of the worst “botch jobs” of history. It was my great honor to fire James Comey!
James Comey is a proven LEAKER &amp, LIAR. ViTremendous pressure is building, like never before, for the Border Wall and an end to crime cradling Sanctuary Cities. StaWould only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres. Obama. We already have BILATERAL deals with six of the eleven nations in TPP, and are working to make a deal with the biggest of those nations, Japan, who has hit us hard on trade for years!
Good luck to Mike Pompeo during his Confirmation Hearing today. He will be a great Secretary of State!
Never said when an attack on Syria would take place. Could be very soon or not so soon at all! In any event, the United States, under my Administration, has done a great job of ridding the region of ISIS. Where is our “Thank you America?”
California Governor Jerry Brown is doing the right thing and sending the National Guard to the Border. Thank you Jerry, good move for the safety of our Country!
If I wanted to fire RobeBig show tonight on @seanhannity! 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews
The @WhiteHouse is paSpeaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man, and while he will not be seeking re-election, he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question. We are with you Paul!
Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake &amp, Corrupt Russia Investigation, headed up by the all Democrat loyalists, or people that worked for Obama. Mueller is most conflicted of all (except Rosenstein who signed FISA &amp, Comey letter). No Collusion, so they go crazy!
Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been, and that includes the Cold War. There is no reason for this. Russia needs us to help with their economy, something that would be very easy to do, and we need all nations to work together. Stop the arms race?
Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria. Get ready Russia, because they will be coming, nice and new and “sma....doing things that nobody thought possible, despite the never ending and corrupt Russia Investigation, which takes tremendous time and focus. No Collusion or Obstruction (other than I fight back), so now they do the Unthinkable, and RAID a lawyers office for information! BAD!
A TOTAL WITCH HUNT!!!
Attorney–client privilege is dead!
When a car is sent to the United States from China, there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 1/2%. When a car is sent to China from the United States, there is a Tariff to be paid of 25%. Does that sound like free or fair trade. No, it sounds like STUPID TRADE - going on for years!
Congratulations to Patrick Reed on his great and courageous MASTERS win! When Patrick had his amazing win at Doral 5 years ago, people saw his great talent, and a bright future ahead. Now he is the Masters Champion!
If President Obama had crossed his stated Red Line In The Sand, the Syrian disaster would have ended long ago! Animal Assad would have been history!
....to pay. Open area immediately for medical help and verification. Another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever. SICK!
Many dead, including women and children, in mindless CHEMICAL attack in Syria. Area of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled by Syrian Army, making it completely inaccessible to outside world. President Putin, Russia and Iran are responsible for backing Animal Assad. Big price...
President Xi and I will always be friends, no matter what happens with our dispute on trade. China will take down its Trade Barriers because it is the right thing to do. Taxes will become Reciprocal &amp, a deal will be made on Intellectual PropeThe Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good repoThe Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up made garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good repo“The FBI closed the case on Hillary, which was a rigged investigation. They exonerated her even before they ever interviewed her, they never even put her under oath.....” and much more. So true Jesse! @WattersWorld
While Security spending was somewhat more than his predecessor, Scott Pruitt has received death threats because of his bold actions at EPA. Record clean Air &amp, Water while saving USA Billions of Dollars. Rent was about market rate, travel expenses OK. Scott is doing a great job!
Fire at Trump Tower is out. Very confined (well built building). Firemen (and women) did a great job. THANK YOU!
What does the DepaLawmakers of the House Judiciary Committee are angrily accusing the DepaWe are sealing up our Southern Border. The people of our great country want Safety and Security. The Dems have been a disaster on this very impoThe United States hasn’t had a Trade Surplus with China in 40 years. They must end unfair trade, take down barriers and charge only Reciprocal Tariffs. The U.S. is losing $500 Billion a year, and has been losing Billions of Dollars for decades. Cannot continue!
Just spoke to @JustinTrudeau to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible Humboldt Team tragedy. May God be with them all!
Do you believe that the Fake News Media is pushing hard on a story that I am going to replace A.G. Jeff Sessions with EPA Chief Scott Pruitt, who is doing a great job but is TOTALLY under siege? Do people really believe this stuff? So much of the media is dishonest and corrupt!
China, which is a great economic power, is considered a Developing Nation within the World Trade Organization. They therefore get tremendous perks and advantages, especially over the U.S. Does anybody think this is fair. We were badly represented. The WTO is unfair to U.S.
The Fake News Washington Post, Amazon’s “chief lobbyist,” has another (of many) phony headlines, “Trump Defiant As China Adds Trade Penalties.” WRONG! Should read, “Trump Defiant as U.S. Adds Trade Penalties, Will End Barriers And Massive I.P. Theft.” Typically bad repoThe Caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of Mexico and their willingness to use them so as not to cause a giant scene at our Border. Because of the Trump Administrations actions, Border crossings are at a still UNACCEPTABLE 46 year low. Stop drugs!
Today we honor Dr. MaOur thoughts and prayers are with the four U.S. Marines from the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing who lost their lives in yesterday’s Southern California helicopter crash. We pray for their families, and our great @USMC.
We are not in a trade war with China, that war was lost many years ago by the foolish, or incompetent, people who represented the U.S. Now we have a Trade Deficit of $500 Billion a year, with Intellectual PropeOur Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico &amp, Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era, and other, laws NOW! The Democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked....CRIME! We will be taking strong action today.
Was just briefed on the shooting at YouTube’s HQ in San Bruno, California. Our thoughts and prayers are with everybody involved. Thank you to our phenomenal Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders that are currently on the scene.
I am right about Amazon costing the United States Post Office massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Boy. Amazon should pay these costs (plus) and not have them bourne by the American Taxpayer. Many billions of dollars. P.O. leaders don’t have a clue (or do they?)!
Thank you to Rasmussen for the honest polling. Just hit 50%, which is higher than Cheatin’ Obama at the same time in his Administration.
Check out the fact that you can’t get a job at ratings challenged @CNN unless you state that you are totally anti-Trump? Little Jeff Zuker, whose job is in jeopardy, is not having much fun lately. They should clean up and strengthen CNN and get back to honest repoThe big Caravan of People from Honduras, now coming across Mexico and heading to our “Weak Laws” Border, had better be stopped before it gets there. Cash cow NAFTA is in play, as is foreign aid to Honduras and the countries that allow this to happen. Congress MUST ACT NOW!
39% of my nominations, including Diplomats to foreign lands, have not been confirmed due to Democrat obstruction and delay. At this rate, it would take more than 7 years before I am allowed to have these great people staHonduras, Mexico and many other countries that the U.S. is very generous to, sends many of their people to our country through our WEAK IMMIGRATION POLICIES. Caravans are heading here. Must pass tough laws and build the WALL. Democrats allow open borders, drugs and crime!
As ridiculous as it sounds, the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Border back where they came from. A whole big wasted procedure must take place. Mexico &amp, Canada have tough immigration laws, whereas ours are an Obama joke. ACT CONGRESS
So sad that the DepaOnly fools, or worse, are saying that our money losing Post Office makes money with Amazon. THEY LOSE A FOSo funny to watch Fake News Networks, among the most dishonest groups of people I have ever dealt with, criticize Sinclair Broadcasting for being biased. Sinclair is far superior to CNN and even more Fake NBC, which is a total joke.
Mexico is making a foDACA is dead because the Democrats didn’t care or act, and now everyone wants to get onto the DACA bandwagon... No longer works. Must build Wall and secure our borders with proper Border legislation. Democrats want No Borders, hence drugs and crime!
...Congress must immediately pass Border Legislation, use Nuclear Option if necessary, to stop the massive inflow of Drugs and People. Border Patrol Agents (and ICE) are GREAT, but the weak Dem laws don’t allow them to do their job. Act now Congress, our country is being stolen!
Mexico has the absolute power not to let these large “Caravans” of people enter their country. They must stop them at their NoThese big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of DACA. They want in on the act!
Mexico is doing very little, if not NOTHING, at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Border, and then into the U.S. They laugh at our dumb immigration laws. They must stop the big drug and people flows, or I will stop their cash cow, NAFTA. NEED WALL!
Border Patrol Agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the Border because of ridiculous liberal (Democrat) laws like Catch &amp, Release. Getting more dangerous. “Caravans” coming. Republicans must go to Nuclear Option to pass tough laws NOW. NO MORE DACA DEAL!
HAPPY EASTER!
Governor Jerry “Moonbeam” Brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include (1) Kidnapping and Robbery (2) Badly beating wife and threatening a crime with intent to terrorize (3) Dealing drugs. Is this really what the great people of California want? @FoxNews
...does not include the Fake Washington Post, which is used as a “lobbyist” and should so REGISTER. If the P.O. “increased its parcel rates, Amazon’s shipping costs would rise by $2.6 Billion.” This Post Office scam must stop. Amazon must pay real costs (and taxes) now!
We are going to REBUILD our crumbling infrastructure, and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in the Great State of Ohio. A tremendous honor to be here today at a state-of-the-aI have stated my concerns with Amazon long before the Election. Unlike others, they pay little or no taxes to state &amp, local governments, use our Postal System as their Delivery Boy (causing tremendous loss to the U.S.), and are putting many thousands of retailers out of business!
....In the interim, Hon. RobeI am pleased to announce that I intend to nominate highly respected Admiral Ronny L. Jackson, MD, as the new Secretary of Veterans Affairs....
Great briefing this afternoon on the sta....release known dangerous criminals into communities across the State. All citizens have the right to be protected by Federal law and strong borders.
My Administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in Orange County defending their rights against California's illegal and unconstitutional Sanctuary policies. California's Sanctuary laws....
.@USTradeRep just announced an agreement in principle with South Korea on KORUS! A great deal for American and Korean workers. Let’s now focus on our impoReceived message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me. In the meantime, and unfoFor years and through many administrations, everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula was not even a small possibility. Now there is a good chance that Kim Jong Un will do what is right for his people and for humanity. Look forward to our meeting!
Trade talks going on with numerous countries that, for many years, have not treated the United States fairly. In the end, all will be happy!
So much Fake News. Never been more voluminous or more inaccurate. But through it all, our country is doing great!
The economy is looking really good. It has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers. The underlying strength of companies has perhaps never been better.
....lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed (if for no other reason than they can bill more), which is unfair to our great country - and I am very happy with my existing team. Besides, there was NO COLLUSION with Russia, except by Crooked Hillary and the Dems!
Many lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the Russia case...don’t believe the Fake News narrative that it is hard to find a lawyer who wants to take this on. Fame &amp, foMuch can be done with the $1.6 Billion given to building and fixing the border wall. It is just a down payment. Work will staBecause of the $700 &amp, $716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military, many jobs are created and our Military is again rich. Building a great Border Wall, with drugs (poison) and enemy combatants pouring into our Country, is all about National Defense. Build WALL through M!
France honors a great hero. Officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in ISIS related terror attack. So much bravery around the world constantly fighting radical Islamic terrorism. Even stronger measures needed, especially at borders!
Obama Administration legalized bump stocks. BAD IDEA. As I promised, today the DepaNews conference at the White House concerning the Omnibus Spending Bill. 1:00 P.M.
I am considering a VETO of the Omnibus Spending Bill based on the fact that the 800,000 plus DACA recipients have been totally abandoned by the Democrats (not even mentioned in Bill) and the BORDER WALL, which is desperately needed for our National Defense, is not fully funded.
DACA was abandoned by the Democrats. Very unfair to them! Would have been tied to desperately needed Wall.
House Intelligence Committee votes to release final repoI am pleased to announce that, effective 4/9/18, @AmbJohnBolton will be my new National Security Advisor. I am very thankful for the service of General H.R. McMaster who has done an outstanding job &amp, will always remain my friend. There will be an official contact handover on 4/9.
Remember when they were saying, during the campaign, that Donald Trump is giving great speeches and drawing big crowds, but he is spending much less money and not using social media as well as Crooked Hillary’s large and highly sophisticated staff. Well, not saying that anymore!
Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually, he is weak, both mentally and physically, and yet he threatens me, for the second time, with physical assault. He doesn’t know me, but he would go down fast and hard, crying all the way. Don’t threaten people Joe!
Democrats refused to take care of DACA. Would have been so easy, but they just didn’t care. I had to fight for Military and staGot $1.6 Billion to sta.....They can help solve problems with NoI called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory (in past, Obama called him also). The Fake News Media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him. They are wrong! Getting along with Russia (and others) is a good thing, not a bad thing.......
Matt Schlapp and CPAC are getting ready for another exciting event. Big difference from those days when President Obama held the White House. You’ve come a long way Matt!
“Special Council is told to find crimes, whether a crime exists or not. I was opposed to the selection of Mueller to be Special Council. I am still opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
...there was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime, collusion or otherwise, or obstruction of justice!” So stated by Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz.
“Special Council is told to find crimes, wether crimes exist or not. I was opposed the the selection of Mueller to be Special Council, I still am opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
DepaAUSTIN BOMBING SUSPECT IS DEAD. Great job by law enforcement and all concerned!
Our Nation was founded by farmers. Our independence was won by farmers. And our continent was tamed by farmers. Our farmers always lead the way -- we are PROUD of them, and we are DELIVERING for them! #NationalAgricultureDay
The Democrats do not want to help DACA. Would be so easy to make a deal!
A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!
.@seanhannity on @foxandfriends now! Great! 8:18 A.M.
Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary suppoSpent very little time with Andrew McCabe, but he never took notes when he was with me. I don’t believe he made memos except to help his own agenda, probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos?
Wow, watch Comey lie under oath to Senator G when asked “have you ever been an anonymous source...or known someone else to be an anonymous source...?” He said strongly “never, no.” He lied as shown clearly on @foxandfriends.
The Mueller probe should never have been staThe Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught, called out and fired. How many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wife’s campaign by Crooked H friend, Terry M, who was also under investigation? How many lies? How many leaks? Comey knew it all, and much more!
As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded, there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign. As many are now finding out, however, there was tremendous leaking, lying and corruption at the highest levels of the FBI, Justice &amp, State. #DrainTheSwamp
Andrew McCabe FIRED, a great day for the hard working men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy. Sanctimonious James Comey was his boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy. He knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI!
It would be great for the Republican PaOur thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the brave troops lost in the helicopter crash on the Iraq-Syria border yesterday. Their sacrifice in service to our country will never be forgotten.
We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada, as we do with almost all countries (some of them massive). P.M. Justin Trudeau of Canada, a very good guy, doesn’t like saying that Canada has a Surplus vs. the U.S.(negotiating), but they do...they almost all do...and that’s how I know!
Larry Kudlow will be my Chief Economic Advisor as Director of the National Economic Council. Our Country will have many years of Great Economic &amp, Financial Success, with low taxes, unparalleled innovation, fair trade and an ever expanding labor force leading the way! #MAGA
Today the House took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the STOP School Violence Act. We must put the safety of America's children FIRST by improving training and by giving schools and law enforcement better tools. A tragedy like Parkland can't happen ever again!
We cannot keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our Country!
Five of our incredible @Cabinet Secretaries are testifying on the Hill this morning on the need to rebuild our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure. We need to build FAST &amp, we need to build for our FUTURE. Thank you @SenateCommerce for hosting this hearing! #InfrastructureInAmerica
Perhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of U.S. companies been better than they are today!
California’s sanctuary policies are illegal and unconstitutional and put the safety and security of our entire nation at risk. Thousands of dangerous &amp, violent criminal aliens are released as a result of sanctuary policies, set free to prey on innocent Americans. THIS MUST STOP!
Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State. He will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Rex Tillerson for his service! Gina Haspel will become the new Director of the CIA, and the first woman so chosen. Congratulations to all!
The Economy is raging, at an all time high, and is set to get even better. Jobs and wages up. Vote for Rick Saccone and keep it going!
THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HAS, AFTER A 14 MONTH LONG IN-DEPTH INVESTIGATION, FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION OR COORDINATION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA TO INFLUENCE THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.
The Pittsburgh Post Gazette just endorsed Rick Saccone for Congress. He will be much better for steel and business. Very strong on experience and what our Country needs. Lamb will always vote for Pelosi and Dems....Will raise taxes, weak on Crime and Border.
If schools are mandated to be gun free zones, violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter. Almost all school shootings are in gun free zones. Cowards will only go where there is no deterrent!
....On 18 to 21 Age Limits, watching couVery strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by White House. Legislation moving forward. Bump Stocks will soon be out. Highly trained expeSecretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross will be speaking with representatives of the European Union about eliminating the large Tariffs and Barriers they use against the U.S.A. Not fair to our farmers and manufacturers.
Rasmussen and others have my approval ratings at around 50%, which is higher than Obama, and yet the political pundits love saying my approval ratings are “somewhat low.” They know they are lying when they say it. Turn off the show - FAKE NEWS!
The Democrats continue to Obstruct the confirmation of hundreds of good and talented people who are needed to run our government...A record in U.S. history. State DepaThe Republicans are 5-0 in recent Congressional races, a point which the Fake News Media continuously fails to mention. I backed and campaigned for all of the winners. They give me credit for one. Hopefully, Rick Saccone will be another big win on Tuesday.
...have shown conclusively that there was no Collusion with Russia..just excuse for losing. The only Collusion was that done by the DNC, the Democrats and Crooked Hillary. The writer of the story, Maggie Haberman, a Hillary flunky, knows nothing about me and is not given access.
The Failing New York Times purposely wrote a false story stating that I am unhappy with my legal team on the Russia case and am going to add another lawyer to help out. Wrong. I am VERY happy with my lawyers, John Dowd, Ty Cobb and Jay Sekulow. They are doing a great job and.....
The European Union, wonderful countries who treat the U.S. very badly on trade, are complaining about the tariffs on Steel &amp, Aluminum. If they drop their horrific barriers &amp, tariffs on U.S. products going in, we will likewise drop ours. Big Deficit. If not, we Tax Cars etc. FAIR!
In the first hours after hearing that NoNoHeading to Moon Township, Pennsylvania, to be with a really good person, State Representative Rick Saccone, who is running for Congress. Big &amp, happy crowd (why not, some of the best economic numbers ever). Rick will help me a lot. Also, tough on crime &amp, border. Loves 2nd A &amp, VETS
Spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who is very enthusiastic about talks with NoChinese President XI JINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of NoCongratulations to Kristian Saucier, a man who has served proudly in the Navy, on your newly found Freedom. Now you can go out and have the life you deserve!
Chinese President XI XINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of NoWe are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in Yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our Veterans.
The deal with NoSpoke to PM @TurnbullMalcolm of Australia. He is committed to having a very fair and reciprocal military and trade relationship. Working very quickly on a security agreement so we don’t have to impose steel or aluminum tariffs on our ally, the great nation of Australia!
Looking forward to 3:30 P.M. meeting today at the White House. We have to protect &amp, build our Steel and Aluminum Industries while at the same time showing great flexibility and cooperation toward those that are real friends and treat us fairly on both trade and the military.
The U.S. is acting swiftly on Intellectual PropeChina has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a One Billion Dollar reduction in their massive Trade Deficit with the United States. Our relationship with China has been a very good one, and we look forward to seeing what ideas they come back with. We must act soon!
From Bush 1 to present, our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000,000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad Policies &amp, Leadership. Must WIN again! #MAGA
Will be making a decision soon on the appointment of new Chief Economic Advisor. Many people wanting the job - will choose wisely!
Possible progress being made in talks with NoFederal Judge in Maryland has just ruled that “President Trump has the right to end DACA.” President Obama had 8 years to fix this problem, and didn’t. I am waiting for the Dems, they are running for the hills!
Lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY. Problem is, we don’t have Stars anymore - except your President (just kidding, of course)!
Total inaction on DACA by Dems. Where are you? A deal can be made!
The new Fake News narrative is that there is CHAOS in the White House. Wrong! People will always come &amp, go, and I want strong dialogue before making a final decision. I still have some people that I want to change (always seeking perfection). There is no Chaos, only great Energy!
It’s March 5th and the Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA. Gave them 6 months, they just don’t care. Where are they? We are ready to make a deal!
Why did the Obama Administration staTo protect our Country we must protect American Steel! #AMERICA FIRST
...treat our farmers much better. Highly restrictive. Mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into the U.S. They have not done what needs to be done. Millions of people addicted and dying.
We have large trade deficits with Mexico and Canada. NAFTA, which is under renegotiation right now, has been a bad deal for U.S.A. Massive relocation of companies &amp, jobs. Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum will only come off if new &amp, fair NAFTA agreement is signed. Also, Canada must..
We are on the losing side of almost all trade deals. Our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the U.S. for many years. Our Steel and Aluminum industries are dead. Sorry, it’s time for a change! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Gridiron Dinner last night was great fun. I am accomplishing a lot in Washington and have never had a better time doing something, and especially since this is for the American People!
If the E.U. wants to fuThe United States has an $800 Billion Dollar Yearly Trade Deficit because of our “very stupid” trade deals and policies. Our jobs and wealth are being given to other countries that have taken advantage of us for years. They laugh at what fools our leaders have been. No more!
Heading to Billy Graham Funeral. A Special Man!
When a country Taxes our products coming in at, say, 50%, and we Tax the same product coming into our country at ZERO, not fair or smaWe must protect our country and our workers. Our steel industry is in bad shape. IF YOU DON’T HAVE STEEL, YOU DON’T HAVE A COUNTRY!
Alec Baldwin, whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on SNL, now says playing me was agony. Alec, it was agony for those who were forced to watch. Bring back Darrell Hammond, funnier and a far greater talent!
When a country (USA) is losing many billions of dollars on trade with viAlex Baldwin, whose dieing mediocre career was saved by his impersonation of me on SNL, now says playing DJT was agony for him. Alex, it was also agony for those who were forced to watch. You were terrible. Bring back Darrell Hammond, much funnier and a far greater talent!
Good (Great) meeting in the Oval Office tonight with the NRA!
Manufacturing growing at the fastest pace in almost two decades!
Jobless claims at a 49 year low!
Why is A.G. Jeff Sessions asking the Inspector General to investigate potentially massive FISA abuse. Will take forever, has no prosecutorial power and already late with repo45 year low on illegal border crossings this year. Ice and Border Patrol Agents are doing a great job for our Country. MS-13 thugs being hit hard.
I have decided that sections of the Wall that California wants built NOW will not be built until the whole Wall is approved. Big victory yesterday with ruling from the couThe Heritage Foundation has just stated that 64% of the Trump Agenda is already done, faster than even Ronald Reagan. “We’re blown away,” said Thomas Binion of Heritage, President Trump “is very active, very conservative and very effective. Huge volume &amp, spectrum of issues.”
I want to encourage all of my many Texas friends to vote in the primary for Governor Greg Abbott, Senator Ted Cruz, Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick, and Attorney General Ken Paxton. They are helping me to Make America Great Again! Vote early or on March 6th.
“We’ve seen NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION....I have seen nothing, the firing of James Comey and all of the aftermath, that suggests that the President has obstructed justice because he’s exercising his power as the President of the U.S. I just don’t see it.” Judge Ken Starr
“I’ve been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year. I just don’t see the evidence....in terms of the collusion, it’s all a bit implausible based on the evidence we have.” Jonathan Turley on @FoxNews
“He’s got a very good point. Somebody in the Justice Depa"I will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
“Congressman Schiff omitted and disto“Russians had no compromising information on Donald Trump” @FoxNews Of course not, because there is none, and never was. This whole Witch Hunt is an illegal disgrace...and Obama did nothing about Russia!
Dem Memo: FBI did not disclose who the clients were - the Clinton Campaign and the DNC. Wow!
The Democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal BUST. Just confirms all of the terrible things that were done. SO ILLEGAL!
BIG CPAC STRAW POLL RESULTS: 93% APPROVE OF THE JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DOING (Thank you!). 50% say President Trump should Tweet MORE or SAME (funny!). 79% say Republicans in Congress should do a better job of working with President Trump (staDems are no longer talking DACA! “Out of sight, out of mind,” they say. DACA beneficiaries should not be happy. Nancy Pelosi truly doesn’t care about them. Republicans stand ready to make a deal!
Unemployment claims are at the lowest level since 1973. Much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecessary and job killing Regulations!
Democrat judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great State of Pennsylvania. @FoxNews. This is very unfair to Republicans and to our country as a whole. Must be appealed to the United States Supreme CouArmed Educators (and trusted people who work within a school) love our students and will protect them. Very smaThank you to the great men and women of the United States @SecretService for a job well done!
For those of you who are still interested, the Democrats have totally forgotten about DACA. Not a lot of interest on this subject from them!
My daughter, Ivanka, just arrived in South Korea. We cannot have a better, or smaCPAC Today!
MS-13 gang members are being removed by our Great ICE and Border Patrol Agents by the thousands, but these killers come back in from El Salvador, and through Mexico, like water. El Salvador just takes our money, and Mexico must help MORE with this problem. We need The Wall!
“School shooting survivor says he quit @CNN Town Hall after refusing scripted question.” @TuckerCarlson. Just like so much of CNN, Fake News. That’s why their ratings are so bad! MSNBC may be worse.
Will be meeting with Lawmakers today at 11:30 A.M. to discuss School Safety. Next week it will be with our Nation’s Governors. It’s been many years of all talk, no action. We’ll get it done!
What many people don’t understand, or don’t want to understand, is that Wayne, Chris and the folks who work so hard at the @NRA are Great People and Great American Patriots. They love our Country and will do the right thing. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and end sale of Bump Stocks! Congress is in a mood to finally do something on this issue - I hope!
....If a potential “sicko shooter” knows that a school has a large number of very weapons talented teachers (and others) who will be instantly shooting, the sicko will NEVER attack that school. Cowards won’t go there...problem solved. Must be offensive, defense alone won’t work!
....History shows that a school shooting lasts, on average, 3 minutes. It takes police &amp, first responders approximately 5 to 8 minutes to get to site of crime. Highly trained, gun adept, teachers/coaches would solve the problem instantly, before police arrive. GREAT DETERRENT!
....immediately fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions. Highly trained teachers would also serve as a deterrent to the cowards that do this. Far more assets at much less cost than guards. A “gun free” school is a magnet for bad people. ATTACKS WOULD END!
I never said “give teachers guns” like was stated on Fake News @CNN &amp, @NBC. What I said was to look at the possibility of giving “concealed guns to gun adept teachers with military or special training experience - only the best. 20% of teachers, a lot, would now be able to
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Sessions!
The GREAT Billy Graham is dead. There was nobody like him! He will be missed by Christians and all religions. A very special man.
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Session!
Bad ratings @CNN &amp, @MSNBC got scammed when they covered the anti-Trump Russia rally wall-to-wall. They probably knew it was Fake News but, because it was a rally against me, they pushed it hard anyway. Two really dishonest newscasters, but the public is wise!
....cameras running. Another False Accusation. Why doesn’t @washingtonpost repoA woman I don’t know and, to the best of my knowledge, never met, is on the FRONT PAGE of the Fake News Washington Post saying I kissed her (for two minutes yet) in the lobby of Trump Tower 12 years ago. Never happened! Who would do this in a public space with live security......
I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama, just look at the facts. Total Fake News!
Hope Republicans in the Great State of Pennsylvania challenge the new “pushed” Congressional Map, all the way to the Supreme CouStock Market up big. New and Historic Record. Job, jobs, jobs!
Republicans are now leading the Generic Poll, perhaps because of the popular Tax Cuts which the Dems want to take away. Actually, they want to raise you taxes, substantially. Also, they want to do nothing on DACA, R’s want to fix!
....The President Obama quote just before election. That’s because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didn’t want to “rock the boat.” When I easily won the Electoral College, the whole game changed and the Russian excuse became the narrative of the Dems.
“There is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig America’s elections, there’s no evidence that that has happened in the past or that it will happen this time, and so I’d invite Mr. Trump to stop whining and make his case to get votes.” .....
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great timeline on all of the failures the Obama Administration had against Russia, including Crimea, Syria and so much more. We are now sta“The Faith of Donald Trump,” a book just out by David Brody and Scott Lamb, is a very interesting read. Enjoy!
The U.S. economy is looking very good, in my opinion, even better than anticipated. Companies are pouring back into our country, reversing the long term trend of leaving. The unemployment numbers are looking great, and Regulations &amp, Taxes have been massively Cut! JOBS, JOBS, JOBS
.@MittRomney has announced he is running for the Senate from the wonderful State of Utah. He will make a great Senator and woObama was President up to, and beyond, the 2016 Election. So why didn’t he do something about Russian meddling?
Have a great, but very reflective, President’s Day!
Just watched a very insecure Oprah Winfrey, who at one point I knew very well, interview a panel of people on 60 Minutes. The questions were biased and slanted, the facts incorrect. Hope Oprah runs so she can be exposed and defeated just like all of the others!
My great friends from NASCAR are having their big race today, The Daytona 500. Brian France and the France family are special people. Enjoy the race!
Thank you to KenStarr, former Independent Counsel, Whitewater, for your insight and powerful words on FISA abuse, Russian meddling etc. Really great interview with @MariaBaGreat Pollster John McLaughlin now has the GOP up in the Generic Congressional Ballot. Big gain over last 4 weeks. I guess people are loving the big Tax Cuts given them by the Republicans, the Cuts the Dems want to take away. We need more Republicans!
If it was the GOAL of Russia to create discord, disruption and chaos within the U.S. then, with all of the Committee Hearings, Investigations and PaNow that Adam Schiff is staI never said Russia did not meddle in the election, I said “it may be Russia, or China or another country or group, or it may be a 400 pound genius sitting in bed and playing with his computer.” The Russian “hoax” was that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia - it never did!
Finally, Liddle’ Adam Schiff, the leakin’ monster of no control, is now blaming the Obama Administration for Russian meddling in the 2016 Election. He is finally right about something. Obama was President, knew of the threat, and did nothing. Thank you Adam!
Never gotten over the fact that Obama was able to send $1.7 Billion Dollars in CASH to Iran and nobody in Congress, the FBI or Justice called for an investigation!
General McMaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the Russians and that the only Collusion was between Russia and Crooked H, the DNC and the Dems. Remember the DiVery sad that the FBI missed all of the many signals sent out by the Florida school shooter. This is not acceptable. They are spending too much time trying to prove Russian collusion with the Trump campaign - there is no collusion. Get back to the basics and make us all proud!
Just like they don’t want to solve the DACA problem, why didn’t the Democrats pass gun control legislation when they had both the House &amp, Senate during the Obama Administration. Because they didn’t want to, and now they just talk!
Funny how the Fake News Media doesn’t want to say that the Russian group was formed in 2014, long before my run for President. Maybe they knew I was going to run even though I didn’t know!
“Charges Deal Don A Big Win,” written by Michael Goodwin of the @nypost, succinctly states that “the Russians had no impact on the election results.” There was no Collusion with the Trump Campaign. “She lost the old-fashioned way, by being a terrible candidate. Case closed.”
Melania and I met such incredible people last night in Broward County, Florida. Will never forget them, or the evening!
Our entire Nation, w/one heavy heaRussia staCannot believe how BADLY DACA recipients have been treated by the Democrats...totally abandoned! Republicans are still working hard.
While the Republicans and Democrats in Congress are working hard to come up with a solution to DACA, they should be strongly considering a system of Merit Based Immigration so that we will have the people ready, willing and able to help all of those companies moving into the USA!
So many signs that the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed, even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavior. Neighbors and classmates knew he was a big problem. Must always repoJust spoke to Governor Rick Scott. We are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible Florida school shooting.
My prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible Florida shooting. No child, teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an American school.
Negotiations on DACA have begun. Republicans want to make a deal and Democrats say they want to make a deal. Wouldn’t it be great if we could finally, after so many years, solve the DACA puzzle. This will be our last chance, there will never be another oppoOur infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except, of course, the Democrats. After many years we have taken care of our Military, now we have to fix our roads, bridges, tunnels, airpoThe journey to #MAGA began @CPAC 2011 and the oppoThank you to Sue Kruczek, who lost her wonderful and talented son Nick to the Opioid scourge, for your kind words while on @foxandfriends. We are fighting this terrible epidemic hard - Nick will not have died in vain!
This will be a big week for Infrastructure. After so stupidly spending $7 trillion in the Middle East, it is now time to staJust spoke to @JohnKasich to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police officers from @WestervillePD. This is a true tragedy!
Rep. Lou Barletta, a Great Republican from Pennsylvania who was one of my very earliest suppo4.2 million hard working Americans have already received a large Bonus and/or Pay Increase because of our recently Passed Tax Cut &amp, Jobs Bill....and it will only get better! We are far ahead of schedule.
The United States needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be paSo many positive things going on for the U.S.A. and the Fake News Media just doesn’t want to go there. Same negative stories over and over again! No wonder the People no longer trust the media, whose approval ratings are correctly at their lowest levels in history! #MAGA
Republicans want to fix DACA far more than the Democrats do. The Dems had all three branches of government back in 2008-2011, and they decided not to do anything about DACA. They only want to use it as a campaign issue. Vote Republican!
....agencies, not just the FBI &amp, DOJ, now the State Depa“My view is that not only has Trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the Dossier and the lies about the Clinton/DNC Dossier, it shows that he’s been victimized. He’s been victimized by the Obama Administration who were using all soPeoples lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation. Some are true and some are false. Some are old and some are new. There is no recovery for someone falsely accused - life and career are gone. Is there no such thing any longer as Due Process?
According to the @nytimes, a Russian sold phony secrets on “Trump” to the U.S. Asking price was $10 million, brought down to $1 million to be paid over time. I hope people are now seeing &amp, understanding what is going on here. It is all now staThe Democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew, because of sources and methods (and more), would have to be heavily redacted, whereupon they would blame the White House for lack of transparency. Told them to re-do and send back in proper form!
Jobless claims have dropped to a 45 year low!
Costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more Republicans in the 2018 Election, and beyond. This Bill is a BIG VICTORY for our Military, but much waste in order to get Dem votes. FoWithout more Republicans in Congress, we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order to finally, after many years of depletion, take care of our Military. Sadly, we needed some Dem votes for passage. Must elect more Republicans in 2018 Election!
Just signed Bill. Our Military will now be stronger than ever before. We love and need our Military and gave them everything — and more. First time this has happened in a long time. Also means JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Wow! -Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch. Warner did not want a “paper trail” on a “private” meeting (in London) he requested with Steele of fraudulent Dossier fame. All tied into Crooked Hillary.
Best wishes to the Republic of Korea on hosting the @Olympics! What a wonderful oppoNEW FBI TEXTS ARE BOMBSHELLS!
We need a 21st century MERIT-BASED immigration system. Chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs that huPolling shows nearly 7 in 10 Americans suppoMy prayers and best wishes are with the family of Edwin Jackson, a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken. @Colts
So disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed @Colts linebacker Edwin Jackson. This is just one of many such preventable tragedies. We must get the Dems to get tough on the Border, and with illegal immigration, FAST!
Representative Devin Nunes, a man of tremendous courage and grit, may someday be recognized as a Great American Hero for what he has exposed and what he has had to endure!
Any deal on DACA that does not include STRONG border security and the desperately needed WALL is a total waste of time. March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Dems seem not to care about DACA. Make a deal!
Little Adam Schiff, who is desperate to run for higher office, is one of the biggest liars and leakers in Washington, right up there with Comey, Warner, Brennan and Clapper! Adam leaves closed committee hearings to illegally leak confidential information. Must be stopped!
Thank you to @foxandfriends for exposing the truth. Perhaps that’s why your ratings are soooo much better than your untruthful competition!
The Democrats are pushing for Universal HealthCare while thousands of people are marching in the UK because their U system is going broke and not working. Dems want to greatly raise taxes for really bad and non-personal medical care. No thanks!
Congratulations to the Philadelphia Eagles on a great Super Bowl victory!
My thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims involved in this mornings train collision in South Carolina. Thank you to our incredible First Responders for the work they’ve done!
...a tool of anti-Trump political actors. This is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants the FBI to be a nonpa“The four page memo released Friday repoGreat jobs numbers and finally, after many years, rising wages- and nobody even talks about them. Only Russia, Russia, Russia, despite the fact that, after a year of looking, there is No Collusion!
This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!
Our economy is better than it has been in many decades. Businesses are coming back to America like never before. Chrysler, as an example, is leaving Mexico and coming back to the USA. Unemployment is nearing record lows. We are on the right track!
Somebody please inform Jay-Z that because of my policies, Black Unemployment has just been repoDemocrats are not interested in Border Safety &amp, Security or in the funding and rebuilding of our Military. They are only interested in Obstruction!
I have offered DACA a wonderful deal, including a doubling in the number of recipients &amp, a twelve year pathway to citizenship, for two reasons: (1) Because the Republicans want to fix a long time terrible problem. (2) To show that Democrats do not want to solve DACA, only use it!
Taliban targeted innocent Afghans, brave police in Kabul today. Our thoughts and prayers go to the victims, and first responders. We will not allow the Taliban to win!
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for his strong statement on @foxandfriends that we very badly NEED THE WALL. Must also end loophole of “catch &amp, release” and clean up the legal and other procedures at the border NOW for Safety &amp, Security reasons.
DACA has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that Cryin’ Chuck Schumer took such a beating over the shutdown that he is unable to act on immigration!
Heading back from a very exciting two days in Davos, Switzerland. Speech on America’s economic revival was well received. Many of the people I met will be investing in the U.S.A.! #MAGA
Great bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom, affirming the special relationship and our commitment to work together on key national security challenges and economic oppoWill soon be heading to Davos, Switzerland, to tell the world how great America is and is doing. Our economy is now booming and with all I am doing, will only get better...Our country is finally WINNING again!
It was my great honor to welcome Mayor’s from across America to the WH. My Administration will always suppoThis is the One Year Anniversary of my Presidency and the Democrats wanted to give me a nice present. #DemocratShutdown
Earlier today, I spoke with @GovMattBevin of Kentucky regarding yesterday’s shooting at Marshall County High School. My thoughts and prayers are with Bailey Holt, Preston Cope, their families, and all of the wounded victims who are in recovery. We are with you!
Tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in America. There has never been anything like it. Now Disney, J.P. Morgan Chase and many others. Massive Regulation Reduction and Tax Cuts are making us a powerhouse again. Long way to go! Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fully understands, especially after his humiliating defeat, that if there is no Wall, there is no DACA. We must have safety and security, together with a strong Military, for our great people!
Where are the 50,000 impoThank you to General John Kelly, who is doing a fantastic job, and all of the Staff and others in the White House, for a job well done. Long hours and Fake repoNobody knows for sure that the Republicans &amp, Democrats will be able to reach a deal on DACA by February 8, but everyone will be trying....with a big additional focus put on Military Strength and Border Security. The Dems have just learned that a Shutdown is not the answer!
In one of the biggest stories in a long time, the FBI now says it is missing five months woIn one of the biggest stories in a long time, the FBI says it is now missing five months woEven Crazy Jim Acosta of Fake News CNN agrees: “Trump World and WH sources dancing in end zone: Trump wins again...Schumer and Dems caved...gambled and lost.” Thank you for your honesty Jim!
Big win for Republicans as Democrats cave on Shutdown. Now I want a big win for everyone, including Republicans, Democrats and DACA, but especially for our Great Military and Border Security. Should be able to get there. See you at the negotiating table!
Democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base. They don’t want to do it but are powerless!
The Democrats are turning down services and security for citizens in favor of services and security for non-citizens. Not good!
Thank you to Brad Blakeman on @FoxNews for grading year one of my presidency with an “A”-and likewise to Doug Schoen for the very good grade and statements. Working hard!
Great to see how hard Republicans are fighting for our Military and Safety at the Border. The Dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked. If stalemate continues, Republicans should go to 51% (Nuclear Option) and vote on real, long term budget, no C.R.’s!
"Eric Trump on @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews now!
The Trump Administration has terminated more UNNECESSARY Regulation, in just twelve months, than any other Administration has terminated during their full term in office, no matter what the length. The good news is, THERE IS MUCH MORE TO COME!
Unprecedented success for our Country, in so many ways, since the Election. Record Stock Market, Strong on Military, Crime, Borders, &amp, ISIS, Judicial Strength &amp, Numbers, Lowest Unemployment for Women &amp, ALL, Massive Tax Cuts, end of Individual Mandate - and so much more. Big 2018!
Beautiful weather all over our great country, a perfect day for all Women to March. Get out there now to celebrate the historic milestones and unprecedented economic success and wealth creation that has taken place over the last 12 months. Lowest female unemployment in 18 years!
Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration. Can’t let that happen!
#AMERICA FIRST!
For those asking, the Republicans only have 51 votes in the Senate, and they need 60. That is why we need to win more Republicans in 2018 Election! We can then be even tougher on Crime (and Border), and even better to our Military &amp, Veterans!
Democrats are far more concerned with Illegal Immigrants than they are with our great Military or Safety at our dangerous Southern Border. They could have easily made a deal but decided to play Shutdown politics instead. #WeNeedMoreRepublicansIn18 in order to power through mess!
Not looking good for our great Military or Safety &amp, Security on the very dangerous Southern Border. Dems want a Shutdown in order to help diminish the great success of the Tax Cuts, and what they are doing for our booming economy.
Excellent preliminary meeting in Oval with @SenSchumer - working on solutions for Security and our great Military together with @SenateMajLdr McConnell and @SpeakerRyan. Making progress - four week extension would be best!
Just signed 702 Bill to reauthorize foreign intelligence collection. This is NOT the same FISA law that was so wrongly abused during the election. I will always do the right thing for our country and put the safety of the American people first!
.@WhiteHouse Briefing with Director Marc ShoGovernment Funding Bill past last night in the House of Representatives. Now Democrats are needed if it is to pass in the Senate - but they want illegal immigration and weak borders. Shutdown coming? We need more Republican victories in 2018!
DepaA government shutdown will be devastating to our military...something the Dems care very little about!
CHIP should be paWe need the Wall for the safety and security of our country. We need the Wall to help stop the massive inflow of drugs from Mexico, now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world. If there is no Wall, there is no Deal!
Will be going to Pennsylvania today in order to give my total suppo....The Wall will be paid for, directly or indirectly, or through longer term reimbursement, by Mexico, which has a ridiculous $71 billion dollar trade surplus with the U.S. The $20 billion dollar Wall is “peanuts” compared to what Mexico makes from the U.S. NAFTA is a bad joke!
The Wall is the Wall, it has never changed or evolved from the first day I conceived of it. PaISIS is in retreat, our economy is booming, investments and jobs are pouring back into the country, and so much more! Together there is nothing we can’t overcome--even a very biased media. We ARE Making America Great Again!
Eric Trump on @foxandfriends now!
New repoUnemployment for Black Americans is the lowest ever recorded. Trump approval ratings with Black Americans has doubled. Thank you, and it will get even (much) better! @FoxNews
“90% of Trump 2017 news coverage was negative” -and much of it contrived!@foxandfriends
Do you notice the Fake News Mainstream Media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news, but rather talks about anything negative or that can be turned into the negative. The Russian Collusion Hoax is dead, except as it peThe Democrats want to shut down the Government over Amnesty for all and Border Security. The biggest loser will be our rapidly rebuilding Military, at a time we need it more than ever. We need a merit based system of immigration, and we need it now! No more dangerous Lottery.
We must have Security at our VERY DANGEROUS SOUTHERN BORDER, and we must have a great WALL to help protect us, and to help stop the massive inflow of drugs pouring into our country!
Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting. Deals can’t get made when there is no trust! Durbin blew DACA and is hu"...to stop drugs, they want to take money away from our military which we cannot do.” My standard is very simple, AMERICA FIRST &amp, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Statement by me last night in Florida: “Honestly, I don’t think the Democrats want to make a deal. They talk about DACA, but they don’t want to help..We are ready, willing and able to make a deal but they don’t want to. They don’t want security at the border, they don’t want.....
...big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible” (among many other things). “President Trump reversed the policies of President Obama, and reversed our economic decline.” Thank you Stua“President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy. Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2,000,000 workers. Most explosive Stock Market rally that we’ve seen in modern times. 18,000 to 26,000 from Election, and grounded in profitability and growth. All Trump, not 0...
I, as President, want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again, people coming in through a system based on MERIT. No more Lotteries! #AMERICA FIRST
DACA is probably dead because the Democrats don’t really want it, they just want to talk and take desperately needed money away from our Military.
...and they knew exactly what I said and meant. They just wanted a story. FAKE NEWS!
The Wall Street Journal stated falsely that I said to them “I have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un” (of N. Korea). Obviously I didn’t say that. I said “I’d have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un,” a big difference. FoSo much Fake News is being repoI don’t believe the Democrats really want to see a deal on DACA. They are all talk and no action. This is the time but, day by day, they are blowing the one great oppoYesterday was another big day for jobs and the Stock Market. Chrysler coming back to U.S. (Michigan) from Mexico and many more companies paying out Tax Cut money to employees. If Dems won in November, Market would have TANKED! It was headed for disaster.
AMERICA FIRST!
The Democrats are all talk and no action. They are doing nothing to fix DACA. Great oppoYesterday was a big day for the stock market. Jobs are coming back to America. Chrysler is coming back to the USA, from Mexico and many others will follow. Tax cut money to employees is pouring into our economy with many more companies announcing. American business is hot again!
Today, it was my great honor to proclaim January 15, 2018, as MaNever said anything derogatory about Haitians other than Haiti is, obviously, a very poor and troubled country. Never said “take them out.” Made up by Dems. I have a wonderful relationship with Haitians. Probably should record future meetings - unfoSadly, Democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheaThe language used by me at the DACA meeting was tough, but this was not the language used. What was really tough was the outlandish proposal made - a big setback for DACA!
....Because of the Democrats not being interested in life and safety, DACA has now taken a big step backwards. The Dems will threaten “shutdown,” but what they are really doing is shutting down our military, at a time we need it most. Get sma....countries which are doing badly. I want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our country to the next level. I want safety and security for our people. I want to stop the massive inflow of drugs. I want to fund our military, not do a Dem defund....
The so-called bipaReason I canceled my trip to London is that I am not a big fan of the Obama Administration having sold perhaps the best located and finest embassy in London for “peanuts,” only to build a new one in an off location for 1.2 billion dollars. Bad deal. Wanted me to cut ribbon-NO!
The Democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the Southern Border, risking thousands of lives in the process. It is my duty to protect the lives and safety of all Americans. We must build a Great Wall, think Merit and end Lottery &amp, Chain. USA!
Democrat Dianne Feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization. Very disrespectful to committee members and possibly illegal. She blamed her poor decision on the fact she had a cold - a first!
Chrysler is moving a massive plant from Mexico to Michigan, reversing a years long opposite trend. Thank you Chrysler, a very wise decision. The voters in Michigan are very happy they voted for Trump/Pence. Plenty of more to follow!
Small Business Poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history. All business is just at the beginning of something really special!
Thank you Adam Levine, The Federalist, in interview on @foxandfriends “Donald Trump is the greatest President our Country has ever seen.”
With that being said, I have personally directed the fix to the unmasking process since taking office and today’s vote is about foreign surveillance of foreign bad guys on foreign land. We need it! Get sma“45 year low in illegal immigration this year.” @foxandfriends
“House votes on controversial FISA ACT today.” This is the act that may have been used, with the help of the discredited and phony Dossier, to so badly surveil and abuse the Trump Campaign by the previous administration and others?
In new Quinnipiac Poll, 66% of people feel the economy is “Excellent or Good.” That is the highest number ever recorded by this poll.
Disproven and paid for by Democrats “Dossier used to spy on Trump Campaign. Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the Election?” @foxandfriends Did Dems or Clinton also pay Russians? Where are hidden and smashed DNC servers? Where are Crooked Hillary Emails? What a mess!
Good news: Toyota and Mazda announce giant new Huntsville, Alabama, plant which will produce over 300,000 cars and SUV’s a year and employ 4000 people. Companies are coming back to the U.S. in a very big way. Congratulations Alabama!
The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues. There was no collusion, everybody including the Dems knows there was no collusion, &amp, yet on and on it goes. Russia &amp, the world is laughing at the stupidity they are witnessing. Republicans should finally take control!
The fact that Sneaky Dianne Feinstein, who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between Trump/Russia has not been found, would release testimony in such an underhanded and possibly illegal way, totally without authorization, is a disgrace. Must have tough Primary!
Thank you @GOPLeader Kevin McCaAs I made very clear today, our country needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be paToday, it was my great honor to sign a new Executive Order to ensure Veterans have the resources they need as they transition back to civilian life. We must ensure that our HEROES are given the care and suppoWill be leaving Florida for Washington (D.C.) today at 4:00 P.M. Much work to be done, but it will be a great New Year!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Anti-Bengahzi!
Iran killed an American contractor, wounding many. We strongly responded, and always will. Now Iran is orchestrating an attack on the U.S. Embassy in Iraq. They will be held fully responsible. In addition, we expect Iraq to use its forces to protect the Embassy, and so notified!
The Democrats will do anything to avoid a trial in the Senate in order to protect Sleepy Joe Biden, and expose the millions and millions of dollars that “Where’s” Hunter, &amp, possibly Joe, were paid by companies and countries for doing NOTHING. Joe wants no paOur prayers are with the families of the victims and the congregation of yesterday’s church attack. It was over in 6 seconds thanks to the brave parishioners who acted to protect 242 fellow worshippers. Lives were saved by these heroes, and Texas laws allowing them to carry arms!
Thank you to highly respected Jewish leader Dov Hikind for his wonderful statements about me this morning on @foxandfriends.
The anti-Semitic attack in Monsey, New York, on the 7th night of Hanukkah last night is horrific. We must all come together to fight, confront, and eradicate the evil scourge of anti-Semitism. Melania and I wish the victims a quick and full recovery.
Russia, Syria, and Iran are killing, or on their way to killing, thousands if inocent civilians in Idlib Province. Don’t do it! Turkey is working hard to stop this carnage.
"Academy Award winning actor (and great guy!) @jonvoight is fantastic in the role of Mickey Donovan in the big television hit, Ray Donovan. From Midnight Cowboy to Deliverance to The Champ (one of the best ever boxing movies), &amp, many others, Jon delivers BIG. Also, LOVES THE USA!
“Pelosi’s stall tactics expose the weakness of Democrat’s impeachment case.” @GreggJarrett @FoxNews
...&amp, overwhelming,” but this Scam Impeachment was neither. Also, very unfair with no Due Process, proper representation, or witnesses. Now Pelosi is demanding everything the Republicans weren’t allowed to have in the House. Dems want to run majority Republican Senate. Hypocrites!
....&amp, overwhelming,” but this Scam Impeachment was neither. Also, very unfair with no Due Process, proper representation, or witnesses. Now Pelosi is demanding everything the Republicans weren’t alowed to have in the House. Dems want to run majority Republican Senate. Hypocrites!
Why should Crazy Nancy Pelosi, just because she has a slight majority in the House, be allowed to Impeach the President of the United States? Got ZERO Republican votes, there was no crime, the call with Ukraine was perfect, with “no pressure.” She said it must be “bipa“The Dems are complicating matters again. Keeping Mueller out of it was the focus. Keeping it crisp &amp, simple was the key, and now all of a sudden they are saying maybe we’ll go back and visit the Mueller probe, which is absolutely unbelievable, and shows they don’t care about....
“The real victims here are the American people and the Constitution. The Constitution has been damaged by this ploy being used by Nancy Pelosi. This is a very bad time for the United States Constitution.” @AlanDersh
What the Democrats are doing is “Obstruction of the Senate. It’s wrong Constitutionally, it’s wrong morally, and it’s wrong politically.” @AlanDersh @seanhannity @dbongino l agree, and so does the public!
"STOCK MARKET CLOSES AT ALL-TIME HIGH! What a great time for the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats to Impeach your favorite President, especially since he has not done anything wrong!
NASDAQ UP 72.2% SINCE OUR GREAT 2016 ELECTION VICTORY! DOW UP 55.8%. The best is yet to come!
Wouldn’t it be reasonable to assume that Republicans in the Senate should handle the Impeachment Hoax in the exact same manner as Democrats in the House handled their recent pa....What right does Crazy Nancy have to hold up this Senate trial. None! She has a bad case and would rather not have a negative decision. This Witch Hunt must end NOW with a trial in the Senate, or let her default &amp, lose. No more time should be wasted on this Impeachment Scam!
Nancy Pelosi, who has already lost the House &amp, Speakership once, &amp, is about to lose it again, is doing everything she can to delay the zero Republican vote A....What right does Crazy Nancy have to hold up this Senate trial. None! She has a bad case and would rather not have a negative decision. This Witch Hunt must end NOW with a trial in the Senate, or let her default &amp, lose. No more time should be wasted on this Impeachment Scam!
Nancy Pelosi, who has already lost the House &amp, Speakership once, &amp, is about to lose it again, is doing everything she can to delay the zero Republican vote APelosi gives us the most unfair trial in the history of the U.S. Congress, and now she is crying for fairness in the Senate, and breaking all rules while doing so. She lost Congress once, she will do it again!
Crazy Nancy wants to dictate terms on the Impeachment Hoax to the Republican Majority Senate, but striped away all Due Process, no lawyers or witnesses, on the Democrat Majority House. The Dems just wish it would all end. Their case is dead, their poll numbers are horrendous!
Last night I was so proud to have signed the largest Defense Bill ever. The very vital Space Force was created. New planes, ships, missiles, rockets and equipment of every kind, and all made right here in the USA. Additionally, we got Border Wall (being built) funding. Nice!
Broke all time Stock Market Record again today. 135 times since my 2016 Election Win. Thank you!
BIG thank you to Mac Thornberry (@MacTXPress) for a GREAT Defense Deal! Mac has been a champion for our Military and Vets his whole career, and now he can add Space Force to his accomplishments. Look forward to another great defense bill next year, Mac! @HASCRepublicans
My Administration pushed to include a big expansion to Veteran telehealth in the spending bill so that the brave men and women who served our Country get the care they need. #RuralProsperity
Honored to finally put an end to the “Widow’s Tax” and ensure that our surviving military spouses receive their full benefits. The spouses and families of our fallen heroes have suffered enough and WE must do everything in our power to ease the burden.
We will always provide for our Veterans and their mental health. I pushed Congress to provide $10 Billion for Vet mental health, suicide prevention outreach, and funding for my PREVENTS Initiative to end Vet suicide. Congress responded. A big win for our Vets!
Last year I signed legislation that gives our Veterans CHOICE, through private providers, and at urgent care facilities! Today we fully funded this $10 billion a year effo“It’s time to put House Democrats on trial.” @IngrahamAngle
“What’s been revealed is a Country in better shape than it’s been in decades. Working men and women in the Country are the beneficiaries of a President who’s doing exactly what he said he was going to do, that is to restore prosperity for all Americans.” @LouDobbs Thank you Lou!
....to me, and there are many options, including doing them directly &amp, avoiding the nasty politics of this very biased Commission. I will make a decision at an appropriate time but in the meantime, the Commission on Presidential Debates is NOT authorized to speak for me (or R’s)!
....The problem is that the so-called Commission on Presidential Debates is stacked with Trump Haters &amp, Never Trumpers. 3 years ago they were forced to publicly apologize for modulating my microphone in the first debate against Crooked Hillary. As President, the debates are up...
I look very much forward to debating whoever the lucky person is who stumbles across the finish line in the little watched Do Nothing Democrat Debates. My record is so good on the Economy and all else, including debating, that perhaps I would consider more than 3 debates.....
....impeaching him. They hate the fact, above all, that this president is delivering. Substantial policy results for the working Americans who put him in the White House, and they can’t beat him in a fair fight next year.” @NextRevFNC @SteveHiltonx Thank you Steve!
....energy independence, manufacturing resilience, illegal immigration coming down, the Wall going up, China confronted, the caliphate defeated, NAFTA renegotiated, our military rebuilt, NATO paying more, regulations costing less,.......and much more. This is why they’re....
....of the most successful presidencies in history. Just in the last few days, incredible jobs numbers, giant trade deals, help for working families, and much more. Over the last 3 years, unemployment falling, earnings rising, criminal justice reform, the hea“Here in America it will be the same victory as BREXIT, but even more so. In the U.S., while all of this has been going on, the Impeachment, the obstruction, the resistance, President Trump has managed to deliver not just promises, but a record which adds up to one.....
....of the most successful presidencies in history. Just in the last few days, incredible jobs numbers, giant trade deals, help for working families, and much more. Over the last 3 years, unemployment falling, earnings rising, criminal justice reform, the hea....impeaching him. They hate the fact, above all, that this president is delivering. Substantial policy results for the working Americans who put him in the White House, and they can’t beat him in a fair fight next year.” @NextRevFNC @SteveHiltonx Thank you Steve!
....energy independence, manufacturing resilience, illegal immigration coming down, the Wall going up, China confronted, the caliphate defeated, NAFTA renegotiated, our militsry rebuilt, NATO paying more, regulations costing less,.......and much more. This is why they’re....
“Here in America it will be the same victory as BREXIT, but even more so. In the U.S., while all of this has been going on, the Impeachment, the obstruction, the resistance, President Trump has managed to deliver not just promises, but a record which adds up to one.....
Congressional Do Nothing Democrats are being absolutely decimated in their districts on the subject of the Impeachment Hoax. People that voted for them are literally screaming in their faces. Crazy Nancy is finding defending Shifty Schiff harder than she thought! #2020Election
.@seanhannity, who will be interviewed on @marklevinshow tonight at 8:00 P.M., @foxnews, stated about the Impeachment Hoax, “This is outrages lying, corruption and propaganda. Should never be allowed to happen.”
Approval Rating in Republican PaThe @foxnewPolls, always inaccurate, are heavily weighted toward Dems. So ridiculous - same thing happened in 2016. They got it all wrong. Get a new pollster!
“The President did nothing wrong here. There is no crime.” @charliekirk11 Impeachment Hoax!
“There is no bribery, or any crime at all, alleged in the ASo now Comey’s admitting he was wrong. Wow, but he’s only doing so because he got caught red handed. He was actually caught a long time ago. So what are the consequences for his unlawful conduct. Could it be years in jail? Where are the apologies to me and others, Jim?
A PERFECT phone call. “Can you do us (not me. Us is referring to our Country) a favor.” Then go on to talk about “Country” and “U.S. Attorney General.” The Impeachment Hoax is just a continuation of the Witch Hunt which has been going on for 3 years. We will win! #MAGAKAG #2020
Both Commiecast MSNBC &amp, Fake News CNN are watching their Ratings TANK. Fredo on CNN is dying. Don’t know why @FoxNews wants to be more like them? They’ll all die together as other outlets take their place. Only pro Trump Fox shows do well. Rest are nothing. How’s Shep doing?
Hard to believe that @FoxNews will be interviewing sleazebag &amp, totally discredited former FBI Director James Comey, &amp, also corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff. Fox is trying sooo hard to be politically correct, and yet they were totally shut out from the failed Dem debates!
The last time I spoke to Debbie Dingell was her call thanking me for granting top memorial and funeral service honors for her then just depaChuck Schumer sat for years during the Obama Administration and watched as China ripped off the United States. He &amp, the Do Nothing Democrats did NOTHING as this $ carnage took place. Now, without even seeing it, he snipes at our GREAT new deal with China. Too bad Cryin’ Chuck!
....trampled on our Constitution, and they have done irreparable harm to our Republic. The American people are going to speak up and speak out about this. I think this guarantees Trump’s re-election in 2020.” @Jason_Meister
....absolutely no pressure. I don’t know of any crime that was committed where the actual victim wasn’t aware of it....and, they got the call, they got the meeting, and they got the money. Unbelievably, the Democrats have weaponized the Impeachment process, they have....
“There are 31 House Democrats in Trump won Congressional Districts. Those Dems will have to answer to their constituents come 2020. If you look at the facts, there’s no crime, there’s no witness, there’s no evidence, there’s no victim, President Zelensky said there was....
“Independent voters are fed up and frustrated with the Democrats.” Congressman Michael Waltz, Florida
....trampled on our Constitution, and they have done irreparable harm to our Republic. The American people are going to speak up and speak out about this. I think this guarantees Trump’s re-election in 2020.” Jason Meister
“There are 31 House Democrats in Trump won Congressional Districts. Those Dems will have to answer to their constituents come 2020. If you look at the facts, there’s no crime, there’s no witness, there’s no evidence, there’s no victim, President Zelensky said there was.......
....absolutely no pressure. I don’t know of any crime that was committed where the actual victim wasn’t aware of it....and, they got the call, they got the meeting, and they got the money. Unbelievably, the Democrats have weaponized the Impeachment process, they have...
After watching the disgraceful way that a wonderful man, @BrettKavanaugh, was treated by the Democrats, and now seeing first hand how these same Radical Left, Do Nothing Dems are treating the whole Impeachment Hoax, I understand why so many Dems are voting Republican!
25 Million Evangelical Christians are not registered to vote. We are working hard to get them registered! @robe“The FBI declares in a couIt’s not fair that I’m being Impeached when I’ve done absolutely nothing wrong! The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats have become the PaHAPPY BI“This whole process has been rigged from the sta.....The Penalty Tariffs set for December 15th will not be charged because of the fact that we made the deal. We will begin negotiations on the Phase Two Deal immediately, rather than waiting until after the 2020 Election. This is an amazing deal for all. Thank you!
We have agreed to a very large Phase One Deal with China. They have agreed to many structural changes and massive purchases of Agricultural Product, Energy, and Manufactured Goods, plus much more. The 25% Tariffs will remain as is, with 7 1/2% put on much of the remainder....
The Wall Street Journal story on the China Deal is completely wrong, especially their statement on Tariffs. Fake News. They should find a better leaker!
Record Stock Market &amp, Jobs!
How do you get Impeached when you have done NOTHING wrong (a perfect call), have created the best economy in the history of our Country, rebuilt our Military, fixed the V.A. (Choice!), cut Taxes &amp, Regs, protected your 2nd A, created Jobs, Jobs, Jobs, and soooo much more? Crazy!
Congratulations to @foxandfriends on being named, BY FAR, the Number One Rated cable news show. CNN and MSNBC have totally tanked, their ratings are terrible. They have zero credibility!
“All of our presidents would be impeached under this Rogue House of Democrat Leadership.” @marklevinshow
Congratulations to JUDGE LAWRENCE VANDYKE on being confirmed to the Ninth Circuit. Great job!
"Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them in order to meet. I said, of course, NO!
“New Polls Say Most Americans Oppose Impeachment.” @foxandfriends I did nothing wrong. This will be the first Impeachment ever where there was no crime. They don’t even allege a crime. Crazy!
Great Rally in Pennsylvania last night. Congressman Lloyd Smucker (PA-11) was there and I informed him that he has my complete and total Endorsement for the upcoming 2020 Election. Lloyd has done a great job. I am with him all the way! #MAGA
“The Exclusive @Ami_Magazine Poll, What OWow! All of our priorities have made it into the final NDAA: Pay Raise for our Troops, Rebuilding our Military, Paid Parental Leave, Border Security, and Space Force! Congress – don’t delay this anymore! I will sign this historic defense legislation immediately!
“Zero evidence that any law was broken. They’re not even alleging that a law was broken. This is an abuse of the Constitution. It is using Impeachment as a campaign tool.” @SenTedCruz
Just received a briefing on the horrific shootout that took place in Jersey City, NJ. Our thoughts &amp, prayers are w/ the victims &amp, their families during this very difficult &amp, tragic time. We will continue to monitor the situation as we assist local &amp, state officials on the ground.
Read the Transcripts! “us” is a reference to USA, not me!
Shifty Schiff, a totally corrupt politician, made up a horrible and fraudulent statement, read it to Congress, and said those words came from me. He got caught, was very embarrassed, yet nothing happened to him for committing this fraud. He’ll eventually have to answer for this!
Nadler just said that I “pressured Ukraine to interfere in our 2020 Election.” Ridiculous, and he knows that is not true. Both the President &amp, Foreign Minister of Ukraine said, many times, that there “WAS NO PRESSURE.” Nadler and the Dems know this, but refuse to acknowledge!
"Read the Transcripts!
“The Democrats have thrown a wrecking ball at our Democracy.” @MariaBa“No president in American history has been treated like this.” @marklevinshow
"“This would be the first Impeachment in American history without a specific criminal statute or crime that the president whose impeached would have allegedly committed.” Paul Gigot, The Wall Street Journal
"I.G. repo“I think the Democrats are going to lose many members over this.” @DebbieLesko @edhenry
I got NATO countries to pay 530 Billion Dollars a year more, and the U.S. less, and came home to a Fake News Media that mocked me. Didn’t think that was possible!
....it’s going to go nowhere. They are going to impeach not because they have the evidence, but because they hate the president. I think the American people know that this is a waste of time, this is Democrats putting on a circus. @SenTedCruz interviewed by Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd
“Any president has the authority to investigate corruption. The President himself released the transcript of the call. Now the Democrats have no evidence of a crime and no evidence of violating the law. This is a kangaroo cou....Biden on the board of the largest natural gas company in Ukraine, getting paid $83,000 a month, 10 times as much as a board member of @exxonmobil.” Thank you Ted. He also made a fo.@SenTedCruz “The Democrats are now admitting that they can’t prove a crime, they can’t prove a law was violated, and here’s why. Any president, any administration, is justified in investigating corruption, and there was serious evidence of real corruption concerning Hunter....
Congratulations to @TitoO@KimStrassel “Schiff’s surveillance (obtaining phone logs) is an unprecedented abuse of power.” To put it mildly. Also, it is illegal!
The United States Secret Service Deputy Assistant Director, Anthony Ornato, will become my new Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations. I have worked with Tony for 3 years - he will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Dan Walsh for his great service, and congratulations to Tony!
“Not only have the Democrats not advanced key pieces of legislation that would help the economy, but the polls, especially in early states, are showing that voters are tuning out.” @PeteHegseth They don’t want our greatest of all presidents impeached!
“Why re-elect Democrats when you know that this is what they are doing with their majority. Their case is not strong because first it was Russian Collusion, then it was obstruction, then it was Ukraine, now their pivoting back to Russia. Why would they be doing that?” Lisa Booth
Our Economy is the envy of the World!
Hard to believe, but if Nancy Pelosi had put our great Trade Deal with Mexico and Canada, USMCA, up for a vote long ago, our economy would be even better. If she doesn’t move quickly, it will collapse!
While the world is not doing well economically, our Country is doing better, perhaps, than it has ever done before. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
Read the Transcripts! Also, see where I say “us” (our Country) as opposed to “me” (meaning me) and where I then say that the Attorney General (of the United States) will call you. People still remember Schiff’s made up and fraudulent version of my conversation. Witch Hunt!
"Why is the World Bank loaning money to China? Can this be possible? China has plenty of money, and if they don’t, they create it. STOP!
Fake News @CNN is repoNadler hasn’t had a single fact witness testify! Zero substance—Country wants #USMCA and Growth, not Impeachment. Polls have tanked on the Do Nothing Democrats!
...This Bill HELPS students get the student aid they need to go to college! STOP the headaches, and STOP the PAPERWORK barriers to HIGHER EDUCATION! Congrats to Lamar!
GREAT WORK yesterday by the Senate to suppoCongressman @LanceGooden has done a wonderful job for the people of Texas while suppo....will temporarily hold off this designation and step up our joint effoAll necessary work has been completed to declare Mexican Ca....The King said that the Saudi people are greatly angered by the barbaric actions of the shooter, and that this person in no way shape or form represents the feelings of the Saudi people who love the American people.
King Salman of Saudi Arabia just called to express his sincere condolences and give his sympathies to the families and friends of the warriors who were killed and wounded in the attack that took place in Pensacola, Florida....
Just received a full briefing on the tragic shooting at NAS Pensacola in Florida, and spoke to @GovRonDeSantis. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families during this difficult time. We are continuing to monitor the situation as the investigation is ongoing.
Without the horror show that is the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, the Stock Markets and Economy would be even better, if that is possible, and the Border would be closed to the evil of Drugs, Gangs and all other problems! #2020
“This is a blowout. Look at these manufacturing numbers, a blowout.” @MariaBa"Stock Markets Up Record Numbers. For this year alone, Dow up 18.65%, S&amp,P up 24.36%, Nasdaq Composite up 29.17%. “It’s the economy, stupid.”
"Do not believe any aWhere’s the Fake Whistleblower? Where’s Whistleblower number 2? Where’s the phony informer who got it all wrong?
The story today that we are sending 12,000 troops to Saudi Arabia is false or, to put it more accurately, Fake News!
Republican Approval Rating = 95%. Thank you!
Nancy Pelosi just had a nervous fit. She hates that we will soon have 182 great new judges and sooo much more. Stock Market and employment records. She says she “prays for the President.” I don’t believe her, not even close. Help the homeless in your district Nancy. USMCA?
....This will mean that the beyond impoThe Do Nothing, Radical Left Democrats have just announced that they are going to seek to Impeach me over NOTHING. They already gave up on the ridiculous Mueller “stuff,” so now they hang their hats on two totally appropriate (perfect) phone calls with the Ukrainian President....
.....trial in the Senate, and so that our Country can get back to business. We will have Schiff, the Bidens, Pelosi and many more testify, and will reveal, for the first time, how corrupt our system really is. I was elected to “Clean the Swamp,” and that’s what I am doing!
The Do Nothing Democrats had a historically bad day yesterday in the House. They have no Impeachment case and are demeaning our Country. But nothing matters to them, they have gone crazy. Therefore I say, if you are going to impeach me, do it now, fast, so we can have a fair....
Tremendous things achieved for U.S. on my NATO trip. Proudly for our Country, no President has ever achieved so much in so little time. Without a U.S. increase, other countries have already increased by $130 Billion-with $400 Billion soon. Such a thing has never been done before!
....”I would like to have the Attorney General (of the United States) call you or your people.....” This, based on what I have seen, is their big point - and it is no point at a all (except for a big win for me!). The Democrats should apologize to the American people!
When I said, in my phone call to the President of Ukraine, “I would like you to do US a favor though because our country has been through a lot and Ukraine knows a lot about it.” With the word “us” I am referring to the United States, our Country. I then went on to say that......
Just read the best Maureen Dowd column, in the New York Times, EVER (although she treated me great before politics), but it was written by her brother, Kevin. Someone in the News Media should hire her wonderful, talented, and very sma".@NATO has now recognized SPACE as an operational domain and the alliance is STRONGER for it. U.S. leadership ensures peace through strength and we must continue to show strength and WIN on all fronts – land, air, sea, and SPACE!
The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to belittle my VERY successful trip to London for NATO. I got along great with the NATO leaders, even getting them to pay $130 Billion a year more, &amp, $400 Billion a year more in 3 years. No increase for U.S., only deep respect!
....When today’s meetings are over, I will be heading back to Washington. We won’t be doing a press conference at the close of NATO because we did so many over the past two days. Safe travels to all!
....Just finished meetings with Turkey and Germany. Heading to a meeting now with those countries that have met their 2% GOALS, followed by meetings with Denmark and Italy....
Great progress has been made by NATO over the last three years. Countries other than the U.S. have agreed to pay 130 Billion Dollars more per year, and by 2024, that number will be 400 Billion Dollars. NATO will be richer and stronger than ever before....
Enjoyed my meeting with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson of the United Kingdom at @10DowningStreet last night. Talked about numerous subjects including @NATO and Trade.
I will be representing our Country in London at NATO, while the Democrats are holding the most ridiculous Impeachment hearings in history. Read the Transcripts, NOTHING was done or said wrong! The Radical Left is undercutting our Country. Hearings scheduled on same dates as NATO!
"New Stock Market Record today, AGAIN. Congratulations USA!
...love to have Mike Pompeo, Rick Perry, Mick Mulvaney and many others testify about the phony Impeachment Hoax. It is a Democrat Scam that is going nowhere but, future Presidents should in no way be compromised. What has happened to me should never happen to another President!
...lawyer has already stated that I did nothing wrong. John Bolton is a patriot and may know that I held back the money from Ukraine because it is considered a corrupt country, &amp, I wanted to know why nearby European countries weren’t putting up money also. Likewise, I would....
The D.C. Wolves and Fake News Media are reading far too much into people being forced by Cou"When the Military rips down an old &amp, badly broken Border Wall in an impoI will always protect our great warfighters. I’ve got your backs!
“Poll shows Dems losing interest in Impeachment inquiry all across the board. These Polls are actually devastating to the Democrats. But the writing was on the wall. He’s done so many great things. He’s devastated ISIS &amp, killed AlBaghdadi, building Wall.” Jason Meister @FoxNews
"“Democrats committed to impeaching Trump for no reason.” Will backfire into big 2020 Victory for Republicans! @IngrahamAngle
Another new Stock Market Record. Enjoy!
“The Democrats are getting hit and slammed on Impeachment. It is getting less and less popular by the day.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
Suppo“President Trump is facing a process which is unprecedented for its unfairness.” Sam Dewey
....honors that he has earned, including his Trident Pin. Admiral and now Ambassador to Norway Ken Braithwaite will be nominated by me to be the new Secretary of the Navy. A man of great achievement and success, I know Ken will do an outstanding job!
....contracting procedures were not addressed to my satisfaction. Therefore, Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer’s services have been terminated by Secretary of Defense Mark Esper. I thank Richard for his service &amp, commitment. Eddie will retire peacefully with all of the.....
I was not pleased with the way that Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher’s trial was handled by the Navy. He was treated very badly but, despite this, was completely exonerated on all major charges. I then restored Eddie’s rank. Likewise, large cost overruns from past administration’s.....
Democrats going back to their Districts for Thanksgiving are getting absolutely hammered by their constituents over the phony Impeachment Scam. Republicans will have a great #2020 Election!
“The whole Russia thing was a Hoax, and the Ukraine thing is a Hoax, and the Democrats are a Joke. This is a disaster for them!” @DevinNunes @FoxNews The Do Nothing Democrats are huThe Impeachment Scam is driving Republican Poll Numbers UP, UP, UP! Thank you Shifty.
Polls have now turned very strongly against Impeachment, especially in swing states. 75% to 25%. Thank you!
Nancy Pelosi, Adam Schiff, AOC and the rest of the Democrats are not getting impoNavy Seal Eddie Gallagher will be on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:30 A.M. Have no fear, all will end well for everyone!
....Sondland said Trump told him. None of this will move the needle for anyone. And now Dems in Swing Districts head home for Thanksgiving to hear from voters. Pelosi &amp, Co. are putting on a show to appease the Democratic base instead of doing the work ALL Americans need done.”
....ANY DIRECT EVIDENCE THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP DID ANYTHING IMPEACHABLE. No one heard him order a quid pro quo. No one offered a convincing reason why Trump’s interest in having Ukraine probe potential co....Sondland said Trump told him. None of this will move the needle for anyone. And now Dems in Swing Districts head home for Thanksgiving to hear from voters. Pelosi &amp, Co. are putting on a show to appease the Democratic base instead if doing the work ALL Americans need done.”
NEW YORK POST EDITORIAL. “Worse Than Pointless. All those hours of televised testimony plainly failed on their announced goal: to change American’s minds. PaDaniel Cameron, who just won the A.G. race in the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky, is a young and very talented political star. You will be hearing much from Cameron in the years to come!
.....Brennan, too. And the Whistleblower also worked for Susan Rice. It’s an understatement to say that this is a Witch Hunt.” @IngrahamAngle They spied on my campaign!
“The Democrats diDaniel Cameron, who just won the A.G. race in the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky, is a young and very talented political star. You will be hearing much from Cameron in the yesrs to come!
Joe Concha, The Hill: “In Emerson College Poll, Impeachment among independents, 49% Oppose, 34% SuppoAdam Schiff will be compelled to testify should the Democrats decide, despite the fact that my presidential conversations were totally appropriate (perfect), to go forward with the Impeachment Hoax. Polls have now turned very strongly against Impeachment!
...House Republicans are showing real LEADERSHIP and prepared to enact bipa...Pelosi and her Do Nothing Democrats drug pricing bill doesn’t do the trick. FEWER cures! FEWER treatments! Time for the Democrats to get serious about bipa...While we had the first prescription drug price decrease in 50 years, Americans still pay far too much for drugs – other countries pay far less – that is WRONG! We will soon be putting more options on the table...
.@SecAzar and I will soon release a plan to let Florida and other States impoThank you to @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and @GOPLeader Kevin McCa"I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 A.M. I know that there’s not much to talk about, but we will try to keep the conversation going. Enjoy! @SteveDoocy @ainsleyearhardt @kilmeade
“Former FBI Employee Accused of Altering FISA Documents.” Hello, here we go! @foxandfriends
....They want ZERO transparency, thinking the world will not find out the death and tragedy that the Iranian Regime is causing!
Iran has become so unstable that the regime has shut down their entire Internet System so that the Great Iranian people cannot talk about the tremendous violence taking place within the country....
.....President Trump said the Ukraine President should just do the right thing (No Quid Pro Quo). You shouldn’t charge, but you cannot convict, a sitting president on the basis of conflicting and ambiguous evidence, and destabilize the American Government.” Thank you Ken!
Ken Starr, Former Independent Counsel: “Does this reach the level of treason, bribery or other high crimes and misdemeanors? My assessment of the evidence so far, NO WHERE CLOSE. The evidence is conflicting &amp, ambiguous. Ambassador Sondland’s testimony stated that....
I have been watching people making phone calls my entire life. My hearing is, and has been, great. Never have I been watching a person making a call, which was not on speakerphone, and been able to hear or understand a conversation. I’ve even tried, but to no avail. Try it live!
Read the two Transcripts of Ukrainian calls!
The Navy will NOT be taking away Warfighter and Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher’s Trident Pin. This case was handled very badly from the beginning. Get back to business!
“The new House Resolution gives Adam Schiff (the most dishonest man in politics) the power unilaterally to release edited transcripts. Rule 10 gives Chairman Schiff absolutely no jurisdiction. Subpoenas issued as pa.....But we are winning big, and they will soon be on our turf.
Corrupt politician Adam Schiff’s lies are growing by the day. Keep fighting tough, Republicans, you are dealing with human scum who have taken Due Process and all of the Republican PaI never in my wildest dreams thought my name would in any way be associated with the ugly word, Impeachment! The calls (Transcripts) were PERFECT, there was NOTHING said that was wrong. No pressure on Ukraine. Great corruption &amp, dishonesty by Schiff on the other side!
“Freed Taliban hostages arrive in Germany.” @foxandfriends @FoxNews @OANN We got them back!
.....President before. What they are doing is not legal. But I’m clean, and when I release my financial statement (my decision) sometime prior to Election, it will only show one thing - that I am much richer than people even thought - And that is a good thing. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
Bob Mueller, after spending two years and 45 million dollars, went over all of my financials, &amp, my taxes, and found nothing. Now the Witch Hunt continues with local New York Democrat prosecutors going over every financial deal I have ever done. This has never happened to a.....
“All four of Gordon Sondland’s lawyers are Democrat Donors.” @TuckerCarlson Despite this, big win today for Republicans!
Watch @TuckerCarlson, @seanhannity, @IngrahamAngle. Big News! @FoxNews
If this were a prizefight, they’d stop it!
Today I opened a major Apple Manufacturing plant in Texas that will bring high paying jobs back to America. Today Nancy Pelosi closed Congress because she doesn’t care about American Workers!
....”I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NO QUID PRO QUO! TELL PRESIDENT ZELENSKY TO DO THE RIGHT THING!” Later, Ambassador Sondland said that I told him, “Good, go tell the truth!” This Witch Hunt must end NOW. So bad for our Country!
Impeachment Witch Hunt is now OVER! Ambassador Sondland asks U.S. President (me): “What do you want from Ukraine? I keep hearing all these different ideas &amp, theories. What do you want? It was a very abrupt conversation. He was not in a good mood. He (the President) just said,”...
"Nancy Pelosi will go down as the least productive Speaker of the House in history. She is dominated by AOC Plus 3 and the Radical Left. Mexico and Canada, after waiting for 6 months to be approved, are ready to flee - and who can blame them? Too bad!
Congressman Van Drew (D-NJ): We’ve spent millions of Dollars, in my opinion, tons of money, tons of time, tons of hu"A great day for Republicans, a great day for our Country!
"Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Just finished a very good &amp, cordial meeting at the White House with Jay Powell of the Federal Reserve. Everything was discused including interest rates, negative interest, low inflation, easing, Dollar strength &amp, its effect on manufacturing, trade with China, E.U. &amp, others, etc.
.@SteveScalese blew the nasty &amp, obnoxious Chris Wallace (will never be his father, Mike!) away on Chris’s lowest rated (unless I’m on) morning show. This kind of dumb and unfair interview would never have happened in the @FoxNews past. Great job Steve!
Louisiana, 3 hours left, get out and Vote for @EddieRispone for Governor. Lower taxes and much more!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
....A double standard like never seen before in the history of our Country?
So they now convict Roger Stone of lying and want to jail him for many years to come. Well, what about Crooked Hillary, Comey, Strzok, Page, McCabe, Brennan, Clapper, Shifty Schiff, Ohr &amp, Nellie, Steele &amp, all of the others, including even Mueller himself? Didn’t they lie?....
Another Record Stock Market, 21 times this year, despite an ongoing, &amp, totally unfounded, Witch Hunt, &amp, a Democrat Pa....They call it “serving at the pleasure of the President.” The U.S. now has a very strong and powerful foreign policy, much different than proceeding administrations. It is called, quite simply, America First! With all of that, however, I have done FAR more for Ukraine than O.
Everywhere Marie Yovanovitch went turned bad. She sta......filth pouring into the Pacific Ocean is rapidly becoming an environmental hazard, is getting NOTHING DONE. She is a Do Nothing Democrat as Speaker, and will hopefully not be in that position very long. Approve USMCA, which has been sitting on her desk for months!
The Impeachment Witch Hunt should be over with the statement made last night by the President and Foreign Minister of Ukraine. Nervous Nancy Pelosi, who should be home cleaning up the dangerous &amp, disgusting Slum she is making of her District in San Francisco, where even the......
....Ambassador Sondland did not tell us, and ceDemocrats must apologize to USA: Ukrainian Foreign Minister Vadym Prystaiko said that “United States Ambassador Gordon Sondland did NOT link financial military assistance to a request for Ukraine to open up an investigation into former V.P. Joe Biden &amp, his son, Hunter Biden.....
Getting ready to land in Louisiana to do Rally with Great Republican @EddieRispone for Governor. He will get your taxes and auto insurance (highest in Country!) way down. Loves our Military &amp, Vets. Will protect your 2nd Amendment. VOTE SATURDAY!
....We send our deepest condolences to the families and friends of those tragically lost, and we pray for the speedy recovery of the wounded.
We continue to monitor the terrible events at Saugus High School in Santa Clarita, California through our ongoing communications with Local, State, and Federal Authorities....
....that the House Democrats have done since she’s become Speaker, other than chase Donald Trump.” This Impeachment Hoax is such a bad precedent and sooo bad for our Country!
....anywhere, so we’ve now had 3 years of the Democrats chasing Donald Trump. Nancy Pelosi’s worried about the American voter looking for someone to blame for that eventually. Look at her own story in the House. What have they done? The average American can’t identify anything...
.@DanHenninger WSJ: Nancy Pelosi had it right the first time when she did not want to go down the Impeachment path. Make it a voting issue. But no, the Left insisted on raising this to the gravity of a constitutional crisis &amp, Impeachment. The hearings suggested it’s not going...
“That hearing was about a policy dispute.” Robe“Neither one of the Democrat star witnesses at the Impeachment hearings could point out an impeachable offense. That’s the result!” @Varneyco @FoxBusiness
WalmaHit New Stock Market record again yesterday, the 20th time this year, with GREAT potential for the future. USA is where the action is. Companies and jobs are coming back like never before!
.@RepRatcliffe asked the two “star” witnesses, “where is the impeachable event in that call?” Both stared straight ahead with a blank look on their face, remained silent, &amp, were unable to answer the question. That would be the end of a case run by normal people! - but not Shifty!
"Wow! Was just told that my son’s book, “Triggered,” is Number One on The New York Times Bestseller List. Congratulations Don!
"READ THE TRANSCRIPT!
NEVER TRUMPERS!
....any laws or did anything wrong, and they have to move away from quid pro quo because there was no quid, and there was no quo. Ukraine got it’s money (3 weeks early), and there was no investigation.” @CharlesHu...the most powerful tool the legislative branch has, Impeachment, &amp, they’ve turned it into a political cudgel, which is not at all what the Founders intended. When you hear Schiff use all these words like quid pro quo, it is because they can’t specify that Donald Trump broke..
“Nancy Pelosi cares more about power than she does about principle. She did not want to go down this road. She realizes this is a huge loser for Democrats. The Founders envisioned the worst people being in politics, yet they couldn’t envision this. You have these people taking...
The Democrats have stacked the deck against President Trump and the Republicans. They have leaked out everything. @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends
“Millions of Americans will see what a pa....to hu....This is a phony showtrial. There is zero due process, none. It is yet another fraudulent hoax conspiracy theory. It is another Witch Hunt. This is what the Socialist Doemocrat Pa“The circus is coming to town. The corrupt, compromised, coward &amp, congenital liar Adam Schiff Show on Capital Hill, brought to you by his raging psychotic Democrats &amp, the top allies in the Media Mob. Everything you’re going to see in the next two weeks is rigged.....
“This ridiculous Impeachment is a travesty, it’s not an inquiry. Just read the transcript.” @LouDobbs
Many of the people in DACA, no longer very young, are far from “angels.” Some are very tough, hardened criminals. President Obama said he had no legal right to sign order, but would anyway. If Supreme CouEconomy is BOOMING. Seems set to have yet another record day!
I will be releasing the transcript of the first, and therefore more impo....Ukrainian energy company, and more millions taken from China, and now repo.....”no pressure” put on him to investigate Sleepy Joe Biden even though, as President, I have an “obligation” to look into corruption, and Biden’s actions, on tape, about firing the prosecutor, and his son’s taking millions of dollars, with no knowledge or talent, from a.....
Why is such a focus put on 2nd and 3rd hand witnesses, many of whom are Never Trumpers, or whose lawyers are Never Trumpers, when all you have to do is read the phone call (transcript) with the Ukrainian President and see first hand? He and others also stated that there was.....
A great try by @seanspicer. We are all proud of you!
Vote for Sean Spicer on Dancing with the Stars. He is a great and very loyal guy who is working very hard. He is in the qua“This isn’t about Ukraine. This isn’t about Impeachment. This is about subve....want that to be an impeachable offense? Good luck with that!” @JesseBWatters @FoxNews
“The President has until September 30th to give this aid to Ukraine. He gets it out on September 11th., 3 weeks before the deadline. So, we give our ally aid, and Joe Biden is not investigated. Remember that, they get the aid and we get nothing in return. The Democrats....
Schiff and the Dems have created this whole thing, they reverse engineer it. They’ve been vowing to impeach for three years. Why should we listen to them? Why should we want to?” @greggutfeld @FoxNews
In order to continue being the most Transparent President in history, I will be releasing sometime this week the Transcript of the first, and therefore most impoJust like Schiff fabricated my phone call, he will fabricate the transcripts that he is making and releasing!
Schiff is giving Republicans NO WITNESSES, NO LAWYER &amp, NO DUE PROCESS! It is a totally one sided Witch Hunt. This can’t be making the Democrats look good. Such a farce!
Read the Transcript. It is PERFECT!
Where is the Whistleblower who gave so much false information? Must testify along with Schiff and others!
"“The Chinese say (about Trump’s Trade War &amp, Tariffs), ‘he brought us to the table.’ This is the most prosperous economy the world has ever seen, and it’s going to be a very prosperous economy.” Jamie Dimon on @60Minutes Thank you President Trump &amp, the Republican PaShifty Adam Schiff will only release doctored transcripts. We haven’t even seen the documents and are restricted from (get this) having a lawyer. Republicans should put out their own transcripts! Schiff must testify as to why he MADE UP a statement from me, and read it to all!
The lawyer for the Whistleblower takes away all credibility from this big Impeachment Scam! It should be ended and the Whistleblower, his lawyer and Corrupt politician Schiff should be investigared for fraud!
So with one Rally by me at the end of the campaign, I lift the poll numbers of Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin by 19 points, he just misses, every other Republican in the Commonwealth wins big, and the Fake News blames me for a bad night! OK! By the way, Mississippi won everything!
Will be meeting with representatives of the Vaping industry, together with medical professionals and individual state representatives, to come up with an acceptable solution to the Vaping and E-cigarette dilemma. Children’s health &amp, safety, together with jobs, will be a focus!
The call to the Ukrainian President was PERFECT. Read the Transcript! There was NOTHING said that was in any way wrong. Republicans, don’t be led into the fools trap of saying it was not perfect, but is not impeachable. No, it is much stronger than that. NOTHING WAS DONE WRONG!
“There’s nothing there! I’m trying to let the House know that they’re dividing America for no good reason. We’ve got a lot of things we should be doing, like lowering drug costs &amp, getting a trade deal with Mexico and Canada.” @LindseyGrahamSC The Do Nothing Dems have gone crazy!
Corrupt politician Adam Schiff wants people from the White House to testify in his and Pelosi’s disgraceful Witch Hunt, yet he will not allow a White House lawyer, nor will he allow ANY of our requested witnesses. This is a first in due process and Congressional history!
“He is not a Whistleblower. He is a deepstater. Let the President do the job he was elected to do.” @JudgeJeanine
Thank you Andrew. Meadow was watching and is so proud of her great father and family!
Thank you to LSU and Alabama for a great game!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Pa....Whatever happened to the so-called “informer” to Whistleblower #1? Seems to have disappeared after I released the Transcript of the call. Shouldn’t he be on the list to testify? Witch Hunt!
I recommend that Nervous Nancy Pelosi (who backed up Schiff’s lie), Shifty Adam Schiff, Sleepy Joe Biden, the Whistleblower (who miraculously disappeared after I released the transcript of the call), the 2nd Whistleblower (who also disappeared), &amp, the I.G., be paPRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
But the Witch Hunt continues. After 3 years of relentless attacks against the Republican PaBringing the word “Nationalism” back into the mainstream - great job by Rich Lowry! Very impoJust finished reading my son Donald’s just out new book, “Triggered.” It is really good! He, along with many of us, was very unfairly treated. But we all fight back, and we always win!
Stock Market up big today. A New Record. Enjoy!
The Radical Left Dems and LameStream Media are just trying to make it hard for Republicans and me to win in 2020. The new Impeachment Hoax is already turning against them!
It was just explained to me that for next weeks Fake Hearing (trial) in the House, as they interview Never Trumpers and others, I get NO LAWYER &amp, NO DUE PROCESS. It is a Pelosi, Schiff, Scam against the Republican Pa“What did Hunter Biden do for the money?” @SenJohnKennedy A very good question. He and Sleepy Joe must testify!
Based on the information released last night about the Fake Whistleblowers attorney, the Impeachment Hoax should be ended IMMEDIATELY! There is no case, except against the other side!
Read the Transcript!
The degenerate Washington Post MADE UP the story about me asking Bill Barr to hold a news conference. Never happened, and there were no sources!
....The LameStream Media, which is The Enemy of the People, is working oveThe story in the Amazon Washington Post, of course picked up by Fake News CNN, saying “President Trump asked for AG Barr to host a news conference clearing him on Ukraine,” is totally untrue and just another FAKE NEWS story with anonymous sources that don’t exist....
Years ago, when Media was legitimate, people known as “Fact Checkers” would always call to check and see if a story was accurate. Nowadays they don’t use “Fact Checkers” anymore, they just write whatever they want!
....Also talked about their Border with Syria, the eradication of terrorism, the ending of hostilities with the Kurds, and many other topics. Look forward to seeing President Erdogan next Wednesday, November 13th at the @WhiteHouse!
Stock Markets (all three) hit another ALL TIME &amp, HISTORIC HIGH yesterday! You are sooo lucky to have me as your President (just kidding!). Spend your money well!
Thank you to Ku“Based on the things I’ve seen, the Democrats have no case, or a weak case, at best. I don’t think there are, or will be, well founded aBased on the Kentucky results, Mitch McConnell @senatemajldr will win BIG in Kentucky next year!
Our big Kentucky Rally on Monday night had a massive impact on all of the races. The increase in Governors race was at least 15 points, and maybe 20! Will be in Louisiana for @EddieRispone on Wednesday night. Big Rally!
Congratulations to @tatereeves on winning Governor of the Great State of Mississippi. Our big Rally on Friday night moved the numbers from a tie to a big WIN. Great reaction under pressure Tate!
#ElectionNight Won 5 out of 6 elections in Kentucky, including 5 great candidates that I spoke for and introduced last night. @MattBevin picked up at least 15 points in last days, but perhaps not enough (Fake News will blame Trump!). Winning in Mississippi Governor race!
A very good staSo sad to see what is happening in New York where Governor Cuomo &amp, Mayor DeBlasio are letting out 900 Criminals, some hardened &amp, bad, onto the sidewalks of our rapidly declining, because of them, city. The Radical Left Dems are killing our cities. NYPD Commissioner is resigning!
So sad to see what is happening in New York where Governor Cuomo and Mayor DeBlasio are letting out 900 Criminals, some hardened and bad, onto the sidewalks of our rapidly declining, because of them, city. The Radical Left Dems are killing our cities. NYPD Chief is resigning!
This is the time for Mexico, with the help of the United States, to wage WAR on the drug ca....monsters, the United States stands ready, willing &amp, able to get involved and do the job quickly and effectively. The great new President of Mexico has made this a big issue, but the caA wonderful family and friends from Utah got caught between two vicious drug ca“The Impeachment Hoax has fired up voters in Kentucky, Mississippi and Louisiana.” @foxandfriends
Fantastic being in the Great State of Kentucky last night. Vote for Matt Bevin NOW! @MattBevin One of Best Governors in U.S. He will never let you down!
"Virginia, with all of the massive amount of defense and other work I brought to you, and with everything planned, go out and vote Republican today. I know the Dems are saying that they have your vote locked up, but that would mean a long slide down. VOTE REPUBLICAN TODAY!
My son, @DonaldJTrumpJr is coming out with a new book, “Triggered: How the Left Thrives on Hate and Wants to Silence Us” – available tomorrow, November 5th! A great new book that I highly recommend for ALL to read. Go order it today!
All-Time High for Stock Market and all the Fake News wants to talk about is the Impeachment Hoax!
Read the Transcript!
....I don’t like him using my name to build his consulting company, or whatever. Please advise his clients and Administration officials accordingly.
Many people say they know me, claiming to be “best friends” and really close etc., when I don’t know these people at all. This happens, I suppose, to all who become President. With that being stated, I don’t know, to the best of my knowledge, a man named Michael Esposito.....
Stock Market hits RECORD HIGH. Spend your money well!
“There is no Whistleblower. There is someone with an agenda against Donald Trump. What he was blowing the whistle on didn’t happen. We have the transcript of the call. This is all a farce and no Republican should forget that.” @dbongino @foxandfriends
95% Approval Rating in the Republican PaThe Whistleblower gave false information &amp, dealt with corrupt politician Schiff. He must be brought forward to testify. Written answers not acceptable! Where is the 2nd Whistleblower? He disappeared after I released the transcript. Does he even exist? Where is the informant? Con!
What I said on the phone call with the Ukrainian President is “perfectly” stated. There is no reason to call witnesses to analyze my words and meaning. This is just another Democrat Hoax that I have had to live with from the day I got elected (and before!). Disgraceful!
Mark Levin, a great lawyer and scholar, said last night on his @marklevinshow, that all you have to do is read the transcript of the call, you do not need Never Trumpers or other witnesses to say what it means or says. It is plainly and very well stated for all to see. Witch Hunt
Louisiana, get out and Vote Early for @EddieRispone as your next Governor. Lower Taxes and car insurance. Will protect your 2nd Amendment. John Bel Edwards is always fighting our MAGA Agenda. Wants to raise your taxes and car insurance to the sky. Vote for Republican Eddie R!
"Great Republican Geary Higgins has my complete and total Endorsement for Virginia Senate, 13th District. He is strong on Crime, the Border, our Military, Cutting Taxes, and protecting your 2nd Amendment. Dem John Bell will take your guns &amp, raise your taxes. Vote for Geary Higgins
They never even saw the transcript of the call. A total Witch Hunt!
False stories are being repo....should give their own transcripts of the interviews to contrast with Schiff’s manipulated propaganda. House Republicans must have nothing to do with Shifty’s rendition of those interviews. He is a proven liar, leaker &amp, freak who is really the one who should be impeached!
If Shifty Adam Schiff, who is a corrupt politician who fraudulently made up what I said on the “call,” is allowed to release transcripts of the Never Trumpers &amp, others that are &amp, were interviewed, he will change the words that were said to suit the Dems purposes. Republicans...
Virginia has the best Unemployment and Economic numbers in the history of the State. If the Democrats get in, those numbers will go rapidly in the other direction. On Tuesday, Vote Republican!
I hope everyone in the Great State of Virginia will get out and VOTE on Tuesday in all of the local and state elections to send a signal to D.C. that you want lower taxes, a strong Military, Border &amp, 2nd Amendment, great healthcare, and must take care of our Vets. VOTE REPUBLICAN
The Angry Majority!
Many people listened to my phone call with the Ukrainian President while it was being made. I never heard any complaints. The reason is that it was totally appropriate, I say perfect. Republicans have never been more unified, and my Republican Approval Rating is now 95%!
....and FEDERAL CONTRACTOR SPIES stories. The finest law enforcement on the planet could not have shown a ROADMAP like that which was produced by you. @OANN should be VERY proud of this great work. I wish more people were seeking the facts and the truth. Keep it up!
Thank you to @OANN for the absolutely incredible Special Repo“Morrison testifies he saw nothing wrong with the Trump call.” @OANN
....Matt has been a GREAT Governor. Kentucky (I Love You!), please be sure to vote for Matt Bevin on TUESDAY. Matt will never let you down, and we have to send a strong signal to Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats. See you on Monday night, VOTE TUESDAY!!!
Walking into Madison Square Garden last night with @danawhite for the big @UFC Championship fight was a little bit like walking into a Trump Rally. Plenty of MAGA &amp, KAG present. Great energy. Fantastic job Dana! Heading to D.C. and then to Kentucky for a big @MattBevin Rally...
The Whistleblower got it sooo wrong that HE must come forward. The Fake News Media knows who he is but, being an arm of the Democrat Pa....putting these massive, and many, fires out. Great firefighters! Also, open up the ridiculously closed water lanes coming down from the No..Every year, as the fire’s rage &amp, California burns, it is the same thing-and then he comes to the Federal Government for $$$ help. No more. Get your act together Governor. You don’t see close to the level of burn in other states...But our teams are working well together in.....
The Governor of California, @GavinNewsom, has done a terrible job of forest management. I told him from the first day we met that he must “clean” his forest floors regardless of what his bosses, the environmentalists, DEMAND of him. Must also do burns and cut fire stoppers.....
The Whistleblower has disappeared. Where is the Whistleblower?
Big Rally in Kentucky on Monday night for a man who has worked really hard &amp, done a GREAT job, Governor @MattBevin. Kentucky is having the best economic year ever under Matt’s leadership. He is a fantastic guy who loves our Military, our Vets and our 2nd Amendment. Vote Tuesday!
Louisiana has a chance to have a really great Governor in @EddieRispone. Auto insurance costs and taxes will be coming way down with Eddie, and your 2nd Amendment will be protected. Current Democrat governor has done a really poor job! VOTE EARLY FOR EDDIE!
A great new book by Howie Carr, “What Really Happened, How Donald J. Trump Saved America From Hillary Clinton,” is on sale now. Howie is a talented New England force who was there at the very beginning!
"The Whistleblower must come forward to explain why his account of the phone call with the Ukrainian President was so inaccurate (fraudulent?). Why did the Whistleblower deal with corrupt politician Shifty Adam Schiff and/or his committee?
You can’t Impeach someone who hasn’t done anything wrong!
Oh no, Beto just dropped out of race for President despite him saying he was “born for this.” I don’t think so!
Republicans have never been more unified than they are right now! The Dems are a mess under the corrupt leadership of Nervous Nancy Pelosi and Shifty Adam Schiff!
.....with a President and Federal Government that wants our wonerful City and State to flourish and thrive. I Love New York!
....our great police are being disrespected, even with water dumped on them, because a Mayor and Governor just don’t “have their backs.” New York’s Finest must be cherished, respected and loved. Too many prople are leaving our special New York. Great leaders would work....
....in New York, and another reason they are leaving. Taxes and energy costs are way too high, Upstate is being allowed to die as other nearby states frack &amp, drill for Gold (oil) while reducing taxes &amp, creating jobs by the thousands. NYC is getting diI love New York, but New York can never be great again under the current leadership of Governor Andrew Cuomo (the brother of Fredo), or Mayor Bill DeBlasio. Cuomo has weaponized the prosecutors to do his di.....with a President and Federal Government that wants our wonerful City and State to flourish and thrive. I Love New York!
....our great police are being disrespected, even with water dumped on them, because a Mayor and Governor just don’t “have their backs.” New York’s Finest must be cherished, respected and loved. Too many prople are leaving our special New York. Great leaders would work....
....in New York, and another reason they are leaving. Taxes and energy costs are way too high, Upstate is being allowed to die as other nearby states frack &amp, drill for Gold (oil) while reducing taxes &amp, creating jobs by the thousands. NYC is getting diI love New York, but New York can never be great again under the current leadership of Governor Andrew Cuomo (the brother if Fredo), or Mayor Bill DeBlasio. Cuomo has weaponized the prosecutors to do his diStock Market up BIG! Record highs for S&amp,P 500 and NASDAQ. Enjoy!
....Our Republican candidate @EddieRispone is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your Second Amendment. GET OUT AND VOTE for Eddie, the next Governor of the GREAT State of Louisiana!
LOUISIANA! Extreme Democrat John Bel Edwards has sided with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to suppoLouisiana, I’ll see you tonight. Big Rally for Eddie R. He will be a GREAT GOVERNOR. Early voting sta....@FoxNews @BillHemmer The public is watching and seeing for themselves how unfair this process is. Corrupt politicians, Pelosi and Schiff, are trying to take down the Republican Pa“Adam Schiff has taken all of the power for himself. That is very unfair. There were dozens of people on this call, yesterdays witness knew that and had no problems (nor did any of them). Facts matter, and that’s why this is not about Impeachment.” Guy Lewis, former prosecutor...
ISIS has a new leader. We know exactly who he is!
“The Democrats need more than this.” @tombrokaw Much more!
“The Democrats are so immersed in this (SCAM). They couldn’t care less about the American people!” @RushLimbaughEIB
Wow, a blowout JOBS number just out, adjusted for revisions and the General Motors strike, 303,000. This is far greater than expectations. USA ROCKS!
Chicago will never stop its crime wave with the current Superintendent of Police. It just won’t happen! Thank you to Kevin Graham and all of the GREAT Chicago Police Officers I just had the privilege to meet. Tremendous crime fighting potential if allowed to do your thing!
“This is the biggest, most disgusting scandal, and it’s all on the Democrat Pa“It has been 3 years and Donald Trump hasn’t done anything wrong. Donald Trump hasn’t done a single thing of which he has been accused.” @RushLimbaughEIB @seanhannity A Witch Hunt like no other!
....this decision, but in the end it will be best for all concerned. As President, I will always be there to help New York and the great people of New York. It will always have a special place in my hea....New York, and always will, but unfo1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, the White House, is the place I have come to love and will stay for, hopefully, another 5 years as we MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, but my family and I will be making Palm Beach, Florida, our Permanent Residence. I cherish New York, and the people of.....
The Greatest Witch Hunt In American History!
The Impeachment Hoax is hu....our manufacturers. We should have lower interest rates than Germany, Japan and all others. We are now, by far, the biggest and strongest Country, but the Fed puts us at a competitive disadvantage. China is not our problem, the Federal Reserve is! We will win anyway.
Supposedly, according to the Corrupt Media, the Ukraine call “concerned” today’s Never Trumper witness. Was he on the same call that I was? Can’t be possible! Please ask him to read the Transcript of the call. Witch Hunt!
People are VERY disappointed in Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve. The Fed has called it wrong from the beginning, too fast, too slow. They even tightened in the beginning. Others are running circles around them and laughing all the way to the bank. Dollar &amp, Rates are huREAD THE TRANSCRIPT!
China and the USA are working on selecting a new site for signing of Phase One of Trade Agreement, about 60% of total deal, after APEC in Chile was canceled do to unrelated circumstances. The new location will be announced soon. President Xi and President Trump will do signing!
.....to any President, of either pa...never be allowed to roll into a winter showtrial. Indeed, allowing a long, drawn out trial in the Senate would merely validate and perpetuate the fraud begun in the House. The crisis is of the Democrats own making, and it’s up to Republicans to make sure this never happens....
.....the Dems have selectively leaked. Nor was there any corrupt intent on the pa“Now is the time for Republicans to stand together and defend the leader of their paCongratulations to the Washington Nationals on a great season and an incredible World Series. Game 7 was amazing! @Nationals
....Your current Governor, John Bel Edwards, has done a poor job with economic development (last in nation) and auto insurance (highest in nation) wants to raise your taxes BIG - vote for Eddie staEarly voting in Louisiana for a man who will be a Great Governor, @EddieRispone, on Saturday, November 2nd. He will get your Auto Insurance and Taxes way down. He will protect your Military, Vets, Second Amendment and Energy....
...our Military, 2nd Amendment, Energy, and so many other things that the Democrats don’t care about. Please stop the Dems from huMy friend Mike @GovDunleavy of the Great State of Alaska, is being treated very unfairly by the Democrats because he is doing an unbelievable job and fulfilling every one of his promises. Now they are trying to Recall him because his agenda is the Economy, Jobs, and protecting...
....the United States Military. Congress needs to do its work. We need to fund our Armed Forces.” @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell. The Dems are a lost cause. In 2020, we need a big, beautiful WIN (all three)! #MAGA
Where’s the Whistleblower?
“Our Country cannot afford for the Democrats in Congress to take a one year vacation from any productive legislation just because they would rather obsess over Impeachment. ISIS &amp, other radical terrorists are not going to hit the pause button because Democrats won’t fund......
“Precisely the same program that the Democrats are trying to Impeach President Trump for supposedly slow walking, tomorrow, right here in the Senate, they (the Dems) say they’re going to filibuster for the exact same program.” @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell. Do Nothing Democrats!
Yesterday’s Never Trumper witness could find NO Quid Pro Quo in the Transcript of the phone call. There were many people listening to the call. How come they (including the President of Ukraine) found NOTHING wrong with it. Witch Hunt!
A Federal Judge is allowing the Nick Sandman libel suit to move forward against the thoroughly disgusting Washington Post (which is no longer available at the White House!). He could now have a good chance of winning. Go Nick!
“It does appear it has to do with Nancy Pelosi retaining her Speakership in the next Congress. She would like that so she’s going to put it to a vote because that’s what her political left really wants.” @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends A disgraceful use of Impeachment. Will backfire!
The Greatest Economy in American History!
.....the call with the Ukrainian President was a totally appropriate one. As he said, “No Pressure.” This Impeachment nonsense is just a continuation of the Witch Hunt Hoax, which has been going on since before I even got elected. Rupublicans, go with Substance and close it out!
Republicans are very unified and energized in our fight on the Impeachment Hoax with the Do Nothing Democrats, and now are sta"PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the Republican Pa“Over in Europe and Japan they have NEGATIVE RATES. They get paid to borrow money. Don’t we have to follow our competitors?” @Varneyco Yes we do. The Fed doesn’t have a clue! We have unlimited potential, only held back by the Federal Reserve. But we are winning anyway!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the Republican PaConsumer Confidence number very good. Housing sales in September up nicely. Economy Rocks!
A great new book just out, “The Plot Against the President. The True Story Of How Congressman Devin Nunez Uncovered the Biggest Political Scandal In U.S. History.” Shows very bad and corrupt people on the other side. Check it out!
Just confirmed that Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi’s number one replacement has been terminated by American troops. Most likely would have taken the top spot - Now he is also Dead!
How many more Never Trumpers will be allowed to testify about a perfectly appropriate phone call when all anyone has to do is READ THE TRANSCRIPT! I knew people were listening in on the call (why would I say something inappropriate?), which was fine with me, but why so many?
The Do Nothing Democrats are working hard to make everyone forget the Best Economy Ever, the monumental weekend raid, Tax Cuts, the Rebuilding of our Military, etc. The Impeachment Hoax is a disgrace. Read the transcript!
Where’s the Whistleblower? Just read the Transcript, everything else is made up garbage by Shifty Schiff and the Never Trumpers!
"“This is a big win for America, and also for President Trump.” @nypost
The only crimes in the Impeachment Hoax were committed by Shifty Adam Schiff, when he totally made up my phone conversation with the Ukrainian President and read it to Congress, together with numerous others on Shifty’s side. Schiff should be Impeached, and worse!
“There is no underlying crime in that transcript.” @IngrahamAngle 100% correct, and the Whistleblower disappeared after I released the transcript of the call. Where is the Whistleblower? That is why this is now called the Impeachment Hoax! The Do Nothing Dems are Doing Nothing!
“Americans know by now that the Impeachment inquiry is just another hoax and silent coup to remove the President from office.” J.J. Crovatto Don’t worry J.J., Schiff is a leaker &amp, corrupt politician who made up what I said on the call in order to huCan you believe that Shifty Adam Schiff, the biggest leaker in D.C., and a corrupt politician, is upset that we didn’t inform him before we raided and killed the #1 terrorist in the WORLD!? Wouldn’t be surprised if the Do Nothing Democrats Impeach me over that! DRAIN THE SWAMP!!
The S&amp,P just hit an ALL TIME HIGH. This is a big win for jobs, 401-K’s, and, frankly, EVERYONE! Our Country is doing great. Even killed long sought ISIS murderer, Al-Baghdadi. We are stronger than ever before, with GREAT upward potential. Enjoy!
Something very big has just happened!
....Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement, and always has. GET OUT and VOTE on November 5th for your GREAT Governor, @MattBevin!
Governor @MattBevin has done a wonderful job for the people of Kentucky! He continues to protect your very impo....He loves our Military and suppoMISSISSIPPI! There is a VERY impo....Our Republican candidate @EddieRispone is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your Second Amendment. GET OUT AND VOTE for Eddie, the next Governor of the GREAT State of Louisiana!
LOUISIANA! Extreme Democrat John Bel Edwards has sided with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to suppoThe Fake Washington Post keeps doing phony stories, with zero sources, that I am concerned with the Impeachment scam. I am not because I did nothing wrong. It is the other side, including Schiff and his made up story, that are concerned. Witch Hunt continues!
....
....greatly help the African American community (and all other communities), and which was unable to get done in past administrations despite a tremendous desire for it. This and best unemployment numbers EVER is more than Kamala will EVER be able to do for African Americans!
Badly failing presidential candidate @KamalaHarris will not go to a very wonderful largely African American event today because yesterday I recieved a major award, at the same event, for being able to produce &amp, sign into law major Criminal Justice Reform legislation, which will..
The Ukraine investigation is just as Corrupt and Fake as all of the other garbage that went on before it. Even Shifty Schiff got caught cheating when he made up what I said on the call!
....We should all work together to clean up these hazardous waste and homeless sites before the whole city rots away. Very bad and dangerous conditions, also severely impacting the Pacific Ocean and water supply. Pelosi must work on this mess and turn her District around!
I can’t believe that Nancy Pelosi’s District in San Francisco is in such horrible shape that the City itself is in violation of many sanitary &amp, environmental orders, causing it to owe the Federal Government billions of dollars - and all she works on is Impeachment.....
“Not a single American citizen has been charged with anything related to Russian Collusion, not one person.” @TuckerCarlson It was all an illegal Witch Hunt!
Had a beautiful dinner last night at Camp David in celebration of the 10th Wedding Anniversary of Ivanka and Jared. Attended by a small number of family and friends, it could not have been nicer. Camp David is a special place. Cost of the event will be totally paid for by me!
...Thank you @foxandfriends! Hopefully this is just the beginning of a massive story of injustice and treason. You will never learn this from the corrupt LameStream Media who get Pulitzer Prizes for repo..the President when Flynn had been cleared of everything long before that. The DOJ is withholding a lot of evidence &amp, information, as are Clapper &amp, Brennan &amp, all of the people who pa....They exonerated him completely of being an agent of Russia (Recently Crooked Hillary charged Tulsi Gabbard &amp, Jill Stein with the same thing-SICK), and yet Mr. Comey still runs to the White House on February 14 and conjures up the Obstruction of Justice narrative against.....
My lawyers should sue the Democrats and Shifty Adam Schiff for fraud!
....The entire Impeachment Scam was based on my perfect Ukrainian call, and the Whistleblowers account of that call, which turned out to be false (a fraud?). Once I released the actual call, their entire case fell apaDemocrats just announced that they no longer want the Whistleblower to testify. But everything was about the Whistleblower (they no longer want the second Whistleblower either), which they don’t want because the account of my call bore NO RELATIONSHIP to the call itself.....
To Tim: The Button on the IPhone was FAR better than the Swipe!
....in the basement of the United States Capitol! They cannot win at the ballot box. Their sham for the past 3 years continues. The good news is that the American People get it, which will be proven once again on November 3, 2020!
....USA has gained Trillions of Dollars in wealth since November 2016. All others way down. Our power is Economic before having to use our newly rebuilt Military, a much better alternative. Oil is secured. Our soldiers have left and are leaving Syria for other places, then....
Turkey fully understands not to fire on the Kurds as they leave what will be known as the Safe Zone for other fairly nearby areas. I don’t have to repeat that large scale Sanctions will be imposed for violations. Going well! ISIS secured by Kurds with Turkey ready as backup.....
So Congressman Tim Ryan of Ohio has finally dropped out of the race for President, registering ZERO in the polls &amp, unable to even qualify for the debate stage. See Tim, it’s not so easy out there if you don’t know what you’re doing. He wasn’t effective for USA workers, just talk!
Another big dropout of the Presidential race was, along with 0% Tim Ryan, 0% @RepSwalwell. Such talk and bravado from both, and nothing to show. They stood for nothing, and the voters couldn’t stand by them. Obnoxious and greedy politicians never make it in the end!
Where is the Whistleblower, and why did he or she write such a fictitious and incorrect account of my phone call with the Ukrainian President? Why did the IG allow this to happen? Who is the so-called Informant (Schiff?) who was so inaccurate? A giant Scam!
I really enjoyed my conversation with General @MazloumAbdi. He appreciates what we have done, and I appreciate what the Kurds have done. Perhaps it is time for the Kurds to staThe Oil Fields discussed in my speech on Turkey/Kurds yesterday were held by ISIS until the United States took them over with the help of the Kurds. We will NEVER let a reconstituted ISIS have those fields!
Thank you to House Republicans for being tough, smaThe Federal Reserve is derelict in its duties if it doesn’t lower the Rate and even, ideally, stimulate. Take a look around the World at our competitors. Germany and others are actually GETTING PAID to borrow money. Fed was way too fast to raise, and way too slow to cut!
(Kiddingly) We’re building a Wall in Colorado”(then stated, “we’re not building a Wall in Kansas but they get the benefit of the Wall we’re building on the Border”) refered to people in the very packed auditorium, from Colorado &amp, Kansas, getting the benefit of the Border Wall!
It was wonderful to be back in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania with the incredible Patriots who fuel our factories, light up our homes, power our industries and fill our heaIt would be really great if the people within the Trump Administration, all well-meaning and good (I hope!), could stop hiring Never Trumpers, who are worse than the Do Nothing Democrats. Nothing good will ever come from them!
....Does anybody think this is fair? Even though there was no quid pro quo, I’m sure they would like to try. Worse than the Dems!
Never Trumper Republican John Bellinger, represents Never Trumper Diplomat Bill Taylor (who I don’t know), in testimony before Congress! Do Nothing Democrats allow Republicans Zero Representation, Zero due process, and Zero Transparency....
The Never Trumper Republicans, though on respirators with not many left, are in ce"Thank you General Mazloum for your kind words and courage. Please extend my warmest regards to the Kurdish people. I look forward to seeing you soon. @mustefabali
Where’s the Whistleblower?
Big success on the Turkey/Syria Border. Safe Zone created! Ceasefire has held and combat missions have ended. Kurds are safe and have worked very nicely with us. Captured ISIS prisoners secured. I will be making a statement at 11:00 A.M. from the White House. Thank you!
....feel EMPOWERED. There’s a movement happening on these campuses like I’ve never seen before. When you have 3000 students wanting to get into an event that couldn’t get in, that’s pretty remarkable!” @charliekirk11 Turning Point USA KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
"....Order a couple of months ago saying that any school that does not uphold the First Amendment Rights of its students will lose Federal Funding. We have seen a huge change in how the Universities interact with us as a national &amp, local student organization. Our studends....
Young campus Conservatives are flocking to Turning Point USA &amp, other Conservative speaker events all over the Country, AND IN RECORD NUMBERS. Thousands of students are turning out. “I just want to compliment the President of the United States for signing that historic Executive..
Republicans are going to fight harder than ever to win back the House because of what the Do Nothing Democrats have done to our Country!
Neither he (Taylor) or any other witness has provided testimony that the Ukrainians were aware that military aid was being withheld. You can’t have a quid pro quo with no quo.” Congressman John Ratcliffe @foxandfriends Where is the Whistleblower? The Do Nothing Dems case is DEAD!
“The Democrats are trying to draw out this inquiry because they don’t have the suppoCan’t believe that Nervous Nancy Pelosi isn’t moving faster on USMCA. Her people want it, they don’t know why she isn’t putting it up for a bipa95% Approval Rating in the Republican PaThank you Republicans. 185 out of 185 present voted for “US” last night. Really good!
So some day, if a Democrat becomes President and the Republicans win the House, even by a tiny margin, they can impeach the President, without due process or fairness or any legal rights. All Republicans must remember what they are witnessing here - a lynching. But we will WIN!
....@kilmeade “I want to know about Hillary Clinton with the Dossier? I want to know if there was FISA abuse? We’re still waiting for that repo...A majority do not want him Impeached and removed from office. 94% of the people in these battleground states who voted for President Trump want him to continue as President. That’s squarely in his corner.” @SteveDoocy “That’s a revealing poll, don’t you think that matters?”...
“I thought a very revealing poll was done by The New York Times. By about a 10 point margin, those in battleground states polled are against impeaching the President, and if Nancy Pelosi doesn’t take note of that, maybe she is the third rate politician.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
“The Ambassador to the European Union has already testified, he said there was no quid pro quo. He said the President had told him that.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
Congratulations to @JustinTrudeau on a wonderful and hard fought victory. Canada is well served. I look forward to working with you toward the betterment of both of our countries!
Doral in Miami would have been the best place to hold the G-7, and free, but too much heat from the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats &amp, their PaCensure (at least) Corrupt Adam Schiff! After what he got caught doing, any pol who does not so vote cannot be honest....are you listening Dems?
“To the Democrats, Impeachment is paSo interesting that, when I announced Trump National Doral in Miami would be used for the hosting of the G-7, and then rescinded due to Do Nothing Democrat/Fake News Anger, very few in Media mentioned that NO PROFITS would be taken, or would be given FREE, if legally permissible!
....fiction to Congress and the American People? I demand his deposition. He is a fraud, just like the Russia Hoax was, and the Ukraine Hoax is now. When do the Do Nothing Democrats pay a price for what they are doing to our Country, &amp, when do the Republicans finally fight back?
....because their so-called story didn’t come even close to matching up with the exact transcript of the phone call. Was it a Corrupt Adam Schiff con? Why didn’t the IG see this? When do we depose Shifty Schiff to find out why he fraudulently made up my phone call and read this..
This Scam going on right now by the Democrats against the Republican PaPelosi is now leading a delegation of 9, including Corrupt Adam Schiff, to Jordan to check out Syria. She should find out why Obama drew The Red Line In the Sand, &amp, then did NOTHING, losing Syria &amp, all respect. I did something, 58 missiles. One million died under Obama’s mistake!
“The ceasefire is holding up very nicely. There are some minor skirmishes that have ended quickly. New areas being resettled with Kurds. U.S. soldiers are not in combat or ceasefire zone. We have secured the Oil.” Mark Esper, Secretary of Defense. Ending endless wars!
Mark Esperanto, Secretary of Defense, “The ceasefire is holding up very nicely. There are some minor skirmishes that have ended quickly. New areas being resettled with the Kurds.” USA soldiers are not in combat or ceasefire zones. We have secured the Oil. Bringing soldiers home!
So now Crooked Hillary is at it again! She is calling Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard “a Russian favorite,” and Jill Stein “a Russian asset.” As you may have heard, I was called a big Russia lover also (actually, I do like Russian people. I like all people!). Hillary’s gone Crazy!
....Therefore, based on both Media &amp, Democrat Crazed and Irrational Hostility, we will no longer consider Trump National Doral, Miami, as the Host Site for the G-7 in 2020. We will begin the search for another site, including the possibility of Camp David, immediately. Thank you!
.@RepMcClintock Thank you Tom. Great interview on @TeamCavuto! @FoxNews
"“I don’t see anything that constitutes an Impeachable offense - Nothing here rises to the level of Impeachment. The Democrats are making a mistake with this secrecy.” Kenn Starr, former Special Prosecutor
Such a disgrace that the Do Nothing Democrats are doing just as their name suggests, Doing Nothing! USMCA anyone?
#StopTheCoup
Susan Rice, who was a disaster to President Obama as National Security Advisor, is now telling us her opinion on what to do in Syria. Remember RED LINE IN THE SAND? That was Obama. Millions killed! No thanks Susan, you were a disaster.
Pelosi and Impeachment - There have already been 3 Votes, and they’ve all failed miserably. Here’s why there may not be a fouCongressman Michael McCaul, “Schiff’s inquiry defies Democracy.” @FoxNews @seanhannity
“Because the House has already voted against the Impeachment Proceeding, the current inquiry is totally invalid. The current sham of a so-called investigation is nothing more than an unconstitutional power grab. It needs to end.” @JasonChaffetz @seanhannity Corrupt Adam Schiff
Corrupt Congressman Adam Schiff is angry that Ambassadors that he thought would be good for his fraudulent Witch Hunt, are turning out to be good for me - some really good! He’s got all meetings locked down, no transparency, only his illegal leaks. A very dishonest sleazebag!
Think of how many lives we saved in Syria and Turkey by getting a ceasefire yesterday. Thousands and thousands, and maybe many more!
....He is also my friend! At the same time, I am pleased to nominate Deputy Secretary Dan Brouillette to be the new Secretary of Energy. Dan’s experience in the sector is unparalleled. A total professional, I have no doubt that Dan will do a great job!
I want to thank Secretary of Energy Rick Perry for the outstanding job he has done. He will be leaving at the end of the year to pursue other interests. Rick was a great Governor of Texas and a great Secretary of Energy....
....I have just been notified that some European Nations are now willing, for the first time, to take the ISIS Fighters that came from their nations. This is good news, but should have been done after WE captured them. Anyway, big progress being made!!!!
This is a great day for civilization. I am proud of the United States for sticking by me in following a necessary, but somewhat unconventional, path. People have been trying to make this “Deal” for many years. Millions of lives will be saved. Congratulations to ALL!
This deal could NEVER have been made 3 days ago. There needed to be some “tough” love in order to get it done. Great for everybody. Proud of all!
My warmest condolences to the family and many friends of Congressman Elijah Cummings. I got to see first hand the strength, passion and wisdom of this highly respected political leader. His work and voice on so many fronts will be very hard, if not impossible, to replace!
I am the only person who can fight for the safety of our troops &amp, bring them home from the ridiculous &amp, costly Endless Wars, and be scorned. Democrats always liked that position, until I took it. Democrats always liked Walls, until I built them. Do you see what’s happening here?
“About 500,000 human beings were killed in Syria while Barack Obama was president &amp, leading for a “political settlement” to that civil war. Media has been more outraged in the last 72 hours over our Syria policy than they were at any point during 7 years of slaughter.” BuckSexton
Hope all House Republicans, and honest House Democrats, will vote to CENSURE Rep. Adam Schiff tomorrow for his brazen and unlawful act of fabricating (making up) a totally phony conversation with the Ukraine President and U.S. President, me. Most have never seen such a thing!
“What has happened here with the Anthony Wiener laptop, the Server, all of the Emails between Huma Abedin and Hillary Clinton, the deleted Clinton Emails - what is going on?” @LouDobbs Joe D &amp, Victoria T!
“This President is the most patriotic President I’ve seen in many years. He is going to do what is good for Americans.” Congressman Brian Babin, Texas. Thank you Brian!
Nancy Pelosi needs help fast! There is either something wrong with her “upstairs,” or she just plain doesn’t like our great Country. She had a total meltdown in the White House today. It was very sad to watch. Pray for her, she is a very sick person!
Guatemala, Honduras &amp, El Salvador have all signed historic Asylum Cooperation Agreements and are working to end the scourge of human smuggling. To fuSenator Rand Paul just wrote a great book, “The Case Against Socialism” which is now out. Highly recommended – as America was founded on LIBERepublicans are totally deprived of their rights in this Impeachment Witch Hunt. No lawyers, no questions, no transparency! The good news is that the Radical Left Dems have No Case. It is all based on their Fraud and Fabrication!
Our record Economy would CRASH, just like in 1929, if any of those clowns became President!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Pa“What is happening to President Trump with Impeachment is a Constitutional Travesty.” @GrahamLedger The likes of which we have never seen before. It is Adam Schiff and Nancy Pelosi who should be impeached for fraud!
You would think there is NO WAY that any of the Democrat Candidates that we witnessed last night could possibly become President of the United States. Now you see why they have no choice but to push a totally illegal &amp, absurd Impeachment of one of the most successful Presidents!
.... It also brings Shifty’s fraudulent MADE UP CALL, which he read to the United States Congress pretending it to be the words of President Trump, which they were not! Nancy Pelosi is involved in this fraud in that she confirmed his fraudulent words on @GMA, and much more!
Shifty Adam Schiff wants to rest his entire case on a Whistleblower who he now says can’t testify, &amp, the reason he can’t testify is that he is afraid to do so because his account of the Presidential telephone call is a fraud &amp, totally different from the actual transcribed call...
....He loves our Military and suppoMississippi, there is a VERY impoJust out: MEDIAN HOUSEHOLD INCOME IS AT THE HIGHEST POINT EVER, EVER, EVER! How about saying it this way, IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY! Also, MORE PEOPLE WORKING TODAY IN THE USA THAN AT ANY TIME IN HISTORY! Tough numbers for the Radical Left Democrats to beat! Impeach the Pres.
Governor @MattBevin has done a wonderful job for the people of Kentucky! He continues to protect your very impoHunter Biden was really bad on @GMA. Now Sleepy Joe has real problems! Reminds me of Crooked Hillary and her 33,000 deleted Emails, not recoverable!
Democrats are allowing no transparency at the Witch Hunt hearings. If Republicans ever did this they would be excoriated by the Fake News. Let the facts come out from the charade of people, most of whom I do not know, they are interviewing for 9 hours each, not selective leaks.
“Project Veritas-Obtained Undercover Videos Highlight Jeff Zucker’s (@CNN) Campaign To Destroy Trump. Videos Reveal @CNN’s BIAS!” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews Does this sound like a good, or even great, lawsuit?
A big scandal at @ABC News. They got caught using really gruesome FAKE footage of the Turks bombing in Syria. A real disgrace. Tomorrow they will ask softball questions to Sleepy Joe Biden’s son, Hunter, like why did Ukraine &amp, China pay you millions when you knew nothing? Payoff?
"It doesn't speak for the FULL HOUSE because the FULL HOUSE hasn't spoken. The Democrat Pa"The Democrat PaStatement from President Donald J. Trump Regarding Turkey’s Actions in No....I would much rather focus on our Southern Border which abuts and is paSome people want the United States to protect the 7,000 mile away Border of Syria, presided over by Bashar al-Assad, our enemy. At the same time, Syria and whoever they chose to help, wants naturally to protect the Kurds....
....and Assad to protect the land of our enemy? Anyone who wants to assist Syria in protecting the Kurds is good with me, whether it is Russia, China, or Napoleon BonapaAfter defeating 100% of the ISIS Caliphate, I largely moved our troops out of Syria. Let Syria and Assad protect the Kurds and fight Turkey for their own land. I said to my Generals, why should we be fighting for Syria....
....Don't the Europeans have a lot of responsibility?” @KatiePavlich Thank you Katie, I offered ISIS prisoners to the European countries from where they came, and was rejected on numerous occasions. They probably figured that the U.S. would bear the tremendous cost as always!
“To his credit the Europeans didn't step up to deal with this ISIS problem – it’s a lot of the reason why we are in this situation today. Now, Angela Merkel of Germany is finally stepping up and telling Turkey to back off....
Great new book, "Resistance (At All Costs): How Trump Haters Are Breaking America" out by Kimberley Strassel of the Wall Street Journal. Kim has treated us fairly, and for that I am very appreciative. Check it out today, it is great!
....of the correction which they knew about full well! “Fox News Pollster Braun Research Misrepresented Impeachment Poll: Analysis” @NYPost
The Fox Impeachment poll has turned out to be incorrect. This was announced on Friday. Despite this, the Corrupt New York Times used this poll in one of its stories, no mention....
America First!
Wow! Hunter Biden is being forced to leave a Chinese Company. Now watch the Fake News wrap their greasy and very protective arms around him. Only softball questions of him please!
Will be looking into the Scott Hapgood case, and the Island of Anguilla. Something looks and sounds very wrong. I know Anguilla will want to see this case be properly and justly resolved! @foxandfriends @SteveDucey @ainsleyearhardt
Vote for good guy @seanspicer tonight on Dancing With The Stars. He has always been there for us!
Happy Columbus Day!
The same people who got us into the Middle East mess are the people who most want to stay there!
....Kurds may be releasing some to get us involved. Easily recaptured by Turkey or European Nations from where many came, but they should move quickly. Big sanctions on Turkey coming! Do people really think we should go to war with NATO Member Turkey? Never ending wars will end!
Brian Kilmeade over at @foxandfriends got it all wrong. We are not going into another war between people who have been fighting with each other for 200 years. Europe had a chance to get their ISIS prisoners, but didn’t want the cost. “Let the USA pay,” they said...
Former Democrat Senator Harry Reid just stated that Donald Trump is very sma....Democrat’s game was foiled when we caught Schiff fraudulently making up my Ukraine conversation, when I released the exact conversation Transcript, and when Ukrainian President and the Foreign Minister said there was NO PRESSURE, very normal talk! A total Impeachment Scam!
Adam Schiff now doesn’t seem to want the Whistleblower to testify. NO! Must testify to explain why he got my Ukraine conversation sooo wrong, not even close. Did Schiff tell him to do that? We must determine the Whistleblower’s identity to determine WHY this was done to the USA..
“The Democrats are trashing this President, &amp, in the process, trashing the U.S. Constitution. Frankly, the American People need to wake up to the reality that the Democrats are so drunk on power that they’re willing to destroy this Constitutional Republic.” @GrahamLedger @OANN
“Serial killers get more Due Process than the Democrats give to the President of the United States.” @marklevinshow
Somebody please explain to Chris Wallace of Fox, who will never be his father (and my friend), Mike Wallace, that the Phone Conversation I had with the President of Ukraine was a congenial &amp, good one. It was only Schiff’s made up version of that conversation that was bad!
The U.S. has the worst of the ISIS prisoners. Turkey and the Kurds must not let them escape. Europe should have taken them back after numerous requests. They should do it now. They will never come to, or be allowed in, the United States!
.@marklevinshow on @FoxNews is doing a big show tonight on the Democrat’s Impeachment Scam. 10:00 P.M. No guests, just Mark. He is angry (like so many others!). At 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews, Steve Hilton is looking into the Crooked Bidens. Where’s Hunter?
.....BY THE WAY, DON’T CALL ME AGAIN, I’LL CALL YOU WHEN YOU’VE DONE WHAT I’VE ASKED.’” A reminder, that wasn’t just stupid, it was FALSE.” @greggutfeld @GregGutfeldShow @FoxNews I never said this. Schiff made it up and read it to Congress &amp, the American People. End Witch Hunt!
“Congressman Adam Schiff, who when seeing the REAL Ukraine phone call Transcript decided he’d better make up one of his own. ‘I’m going to say this only SEVEN times, so you better listen good. I want you to MAKE UP DICHINA HAS ALREADY BEGUN AGRICULTURAL PURCHASES FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS &amp, RANCHERS!
....I agreed not to increase Tariffs from 25% to 30% on October 15th. They will remain at 25%. The relationship with China is very good. We will finish out the large Phase One paMy deal with China is that they will IMMEDIATELY staThe Democrats are going to lose a lot of House Seats because of their Fraudulent use of Impeachment. Schiff fabricated phone call, a crime. Democrat Senate Seats will also be put at risk, even some that were supposedly safe. Look at Louisiana last night, NoHappy BiWe have become a far greater Economic Power than ever before, and we are using that power for WORLD PEACE!
Where’s Hunter? He has totally disappeared! Now looks like he has raided and scammed even more countries! Media is AWOL.
Dealing with @LindseyGrahamSC and many members of Congress, including Democrats, about imposing powerful Sanctions on Turkey. Treasury is ready to go, additional legislation may be sought. There is great consensus on this. Turkey has asked that it not be done. Stay tuned!
.....The Kurds and Turkey have been fighting for many years. Turkey considers the PKK the worst terrorists of all. Others may want to come in and fight for one side or the other. Let them! We are monitoring the situation closely. Endless Wars!
Do you remember two years ago when Iraq was going to fight the Kurds in a different paVery smaThe Media is not talking about the big Republican victory last night in Louisiana where a sitting Democrat Governor was forced into a runoff by not getting 50%. Big upset! Now @EddieRispone, who will be a great Governor, will win!
Congratulations to the Great State of Louisiana. A big night. You will soon have a new and wonderful Governor, @EddieRispone. Your Taxes and Car Insurance Payments will go DOWN!
The same people that got us into the Middle East Quicksand, 8 Trillion Dollars and many thousands of lives (and millions of lives when you count the other side), are now fighting to keep us there. Don’t listen to people that haven’t got a clue. They have proven to be inept!
The Governor of Louisiana, John Bel Edwards, has done a poor job. NOW HE IS IN A RUNOFF WITH A GREAT REPUBLICAN, @EddieRispone. Thank you Louisiana! 66% down to 47% after I explained what a bad job the Governor was doing.
The Endless Wars Must End!
So now they are after the legendary “crime buster” and greatest Mayor in the history of NYC, Rudy Giuliani. He may seem a little rough around the edges sometimes, but he is also a great guy and wonderful lawyer. Such a one sided Witch Hunt going on in USA. Deep State. Shameful!
Louisiana, get out and vote REPUBLICAN before going to the big game today. A runoff will be a tremendous win for your Great State - lower taxes and car insurance, and better protection of your 2nd Amendment! Fantastic being with you last night!
....Other aspects of the deal are also great - technology, financial services, 16-20 Billion in Boeing Planes etc., but WOW, the Farmers really hit pay diThe deal I just made with China is, by far, the greatest and biggest deal ever made for our Great Patriot Farmers in the history of our Country. In fact, there is a question as to whether or not this much product can be produced? Our farmers will figure it out. Thank you China!
The case of Major Mathew Golsteyn is now under review at the White House. Mathew is a highly decorated Green Beret who is being tried for killing a Taliban bombmaker. We train our boys to be killing machines, then prosecute them when they kill! @PeteHegseth
“Schiff aides worked with Whistleblower.” @foxandfriends @RepLeeZeldin Schiff is a lying mess!
“I never saw so many subpoenas!” @ShannonBream @FoxNews The Democrats have gone Crazy. Just read the Transcript, or listen to the New Ukraine President’s statement, NO PRESSURE! This is a Democrat Con Job. Impeach Schiff for FRAUD!
So funny to watch Steve Kerr grovel and pander when asked a simple question about China. He chocked, and looks weak and pathetic. Don’t want him at the White House!
WHERE’S HUNTER?
....Congratulations Kevin, on a job well done! I will be announcing the new Acting Secretary next week. Many wonderful candidates!
Kevin McAleenan has done an outstanding job as Acting Secretary of Homeland Security. We have worked well together with Border Crossings being way down. Kevin now, after many years in Government, wants to spend more time with his family and go to the private sector....
Will be with our two GREAT Senators, @SenJohnKennedy &amp, @SenBillCassidy, tonight in Louisiana. These two hard working, really smaOne of the great things about the China Deal is the fact that, for various reasons, we do not have to go through the very long and politically complex Congressional Approval Process. When the deal is fully negotiated, I sign it myself on behalf of our Country. Fast and Clean!
I will be in Louisiana tonight (Love it!) to get Republicans to vote for either of our two great Republican Candidates and force a run off with John Bel Edwards, who has done a really poor job of tax cutting, car insurance cost (worst in USA), &amp, is suspect on your 2nd Amendment!
Unemployment Rate just dropped to 3.5%, the lowest in more that 50 years. Is that an impeachable event for your President?
Good things are happening at China Trade Talk Meeting. Warmer feelings than in recent past, more like the Old Days. I will be meeting with the Vice Premier today. All would like to see something significant happen!
....We have one of three choices: Send in thousands of troops and win Militarily, hit Turkey very hard Financially and with Sanctions, or mediate a deal between Turkey and the Kurds!
We defeated 100% of the ISIS Caliphate and no longer have any troops in the area under attack by Turkey, in Syria. We did our job perfectly! Now Turkey is attacking the Kurds, who have been fighting each other for 200 years....
Big day of negotiations with China. They want to make a deal, but do I? I meet with the Vice Premier tomorrow at The White House.
Why isn’t the IG investigating his so-called Whistleblower? All bad info!
The President of the Ukraine just stated again, in the strongest of language, that President Trump applied no pressure and did absolutely nothing wrong. He used the strongest language possible. That should end this Democrat Scam, but it won’t, because the Dems &amp, Media are FIXED!
Thank you to @OANN One America News for your fair coverage and brilliant repo....the area and staTurkey has been planning to attack the Kurds for a long time. They have been fighting forever. We have no soldiers or Military anywhere near the attack area. I am trying to end the ENDLESS WARS. Talking to both sides. Some want us to send tens of thousands of soldiers to....
...CouFrom the day I announced I was running for President, I have NEVER had a good @FoxNews Poll. Whoever their Pollster is, they suck. But @FoxNews is also much different than it used to be in the good old days. With people like Andrew Napolitano, who wanted to be a Supreme....
“Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky told repoIn case the Kurds or Turkey lose control, the United States has already taken the 2 ISIS militants tied to beheadings in Syria, known as the Beetles, out of that country and into a secure location controlled by the U.S. They are the worst of the worst!
“I don’t think it’s a Whistleblower at all. I think this is an anonymous source for the Democratic Staff in the House of Representatives. This is an insult to real Whistleblowers. Actual Whistleblowers go on to have their whole lives upended.” John Kiriakou @TuckerCarlson
Pelosi, Nadler, Schiff and, of course, Maxine Waters! Can you believe this?
So pathetic to see Sleepy Joe Biden, who with his son, Hunter, and to the detriment of the American Taxpayer, has ripped off at least two countries for millions of dollars, calling for my impeachment - and I did nothing wrong. Joe’s Failing Campaign gave him no other choice!
Only 25 percent want the President Impeached, which is pretty low considering the volume of Fake News coverage, but pretty high considering the fact that I did NOTHING wrong. It is all just a continuation of the greatest Scam and Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!
....No Pressure at all said Ukraine! Very congenial, a perfect call. The Whistleblower and others spoke BEFORE seeing the Transcript. Now they must apologize to me and stop this ridiculous impeachment!
The so-called Whistleblower, before knowing I was going to release the exact Transcript, stated that my call with the Ukrainian President was “crazy, frightening, and completely lacking in substance related to national security.” This is a very big Lie. Read the Transcript!
The Do Nothing Democrats are Con A....IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY! We went to war under a false &amp, now disproven premise, WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION. There were NONE! Now we are slowly &amp, carefully bringing our great soldiers &amp, military home. Our focus is on the BIG PICTURE! THE USA IS GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!
The United States has spent EIGHT TRILLION DOLLARS fighting and policing in the Middle East. Thousands of our Great Soldiers have died or been badly wounded. Millions of people have died on the other side. GOING INTO THE MIDDLE EAST IS THE WORST DECISION EVER MADE.....
.....The Whistleblower’s lawyer is a big Democrat. The Whistleblower has ties to one of my DEMOCRAT OPPONENTS. Why does the ICIG allow this scam to continue?
The Whistleblower’s facts have been so incorrect about my “no pressure” conversation with the Ukrainian President, and now the conflict of interest and involvement with a Democrat Candidate, that he or she should be exposed and questioned properly. This is no Whistleblower.....
Wow, Just Breaking: “The (big deal) Whistleblower had a ‘PROFESSIONAL TIE’ to 2020 Democratic Candidate.” Washington Examiner, @ByronYork In other words, was working with someone who was potentially running against me. Why wasn’t this repo“Bob Mueller was pursuing the FBI Director job when he met with President Trump in 2017, Administration officials say.” @FoxNews Bret Baier and Jake Gibson @seanhannity This is true even though Mueller denied it!
Gasoline Prices in the State of California are MUCH HIGHER than anywhere else in the Nation ($2.50 vs. $4.50). I guess those very expensive and unsafe cars that they are mandating just aren’t doing the trick! Don’t worry California, relief is on the way. The State doesn’t get it!
....If there is a Runoff in Louisiana, you will have a great new Republican Governor who will Cut your Taxes and Car Insurance, and do a fabulous job for you and your family. Vote Republican, the PaBig Rally in Louisiana on Friday night. Must force a runoff with a Liberal Democrat Governor, John Bel Edwards, who has let your Taxes and Car Insurance get too high, and will never protect your 2nd Amendment. Vote for one of our two great Republicans on Saturday, force a runoff!
....In fact, the “Cops For Trump” T-shiRadical Left Dem Mayor of Minneapolis, Jacob Frey, is doing everything possible to stifle Free Speech despite a record sell-out crowd at the Target Center. Presidents Clinton and Obama paid almost nothing! The Minneapolis Police have been incredible....
Hasn’t Adam Schiff been fully discredited by now? Do we have to continue listening to his lies?
Get your great T-ShiSomeone please tell the Radical Left Mayor of Minneapolis that he can’t price out Free Speech. Probably illegal! I stand strongly &amp, proudly with the great Police Officers and Law Enforcement of Minneapolis and the Great State of Minnesota! See you Thursday Night!
Thank you to Lt. Bob Kroll of the great Minneapolis Police DepaI think that Crooked Hillary Clinton should enter the race to try and steal it away from Uber Left Elizabeth Warren. Only one condition. The Crooked one must explain all of her high crimes and misdemeanors including how &amp, why she deleted 33,000 Emails AFTER getting “C” Subpoena!
....to see. ImpoI would love to send Ambassador Sondland, a really good man and great American, to testify, but unfo....understands that while we only had 50 soldiers remaining in that section of Syria, and they have been removed, any unforced or unnecessary fighting by Turkey will be devastating to their economy and to their very fragile currency. We are helping the Kurds financially/weapons!
"“There are no felonies, there are no Impeachable offenses. The Constitution’s very clear that you need bribery, treason, or other high crimes and misdemeanors. You can’t be impeached for the conduct that’s been alleged in this case.” @AlanDersh Dershowitz. @seanhannity A Scam!
....the captured ISIS fighters and families. The U.S. has done far more than anyone could have ever expected, including the capture of 100% of the ISIS Caliphate. It is time now for others in the region, some of great wealth, to protect their own territory. THE USA IS GREAT!
As I have stated strongly before, and just to reiterate, if Turkey does anything that I, in my great and unmatched wisdom, consider to be off limits, I will totally destroy and obliterate the Economy of Turkey (I’ve done before!). They must, with Europe and others, watch over...
....down, watching over a quagmire, &amp, spending big dollars to do so. When I took over, our Military was totally depleted. Now it is stronger than ever before. The endless and ridiculous wars are ENDING! We will be focused on the big picture, knowing we can always go back &amp, BLAST!
I was elected on getting out of these ridiculous endless wars, where our great Military functions as a policing operation to the benefit of people who don’t even like the USA. The two most unhappy countries at this move are Russia &amp, China, because they love seeing us bogged.....
The Radical Left Democrats have failed on all fronts, so now they are pushing local New York City and State Democrat prosecutors to go get President Trump. A thing like this has never happened to any President before. Not even close!
....doesn’t even include the almost $2000 that the families got from the Trump Tax Cut.” Stephen Moore, Freedomworks That means $5000 to $6000 more in disposable yearly income that Americans have right now because of President Trump!
Heritage Foundation “These numbers are blockbusters. Just since Donald Trump took office, Median Family Incomrs are up over $4,100. In 8 years under President Obama, they only went up $1000. In one third the time, President Trump has increased incomes 4 times as much, and that...
“Incomes much higher under Trump than Bush, Obama.” @foxandfriends And almost everything else is better also (except I am driving the Deep State, and the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, CRAZY)!
“IG: DECLASSIFIED INFORMATION CONTRADICTS THE WHISTLEBLOWER.” @foxandfriends But why are people surprised? The “paWe just WON the big cou...figure the situation out, and what they want to do with the captured ISIS fighters in their “neighborhood.” They all hate ISIS, have been enemies for years. We are 7000 miles away and will crush ISIS again if they come anywhere near us!
....almost 3 years, but it is time for us to get out of these ridiculous Endless Wars, many of them tribal, and bring our soldiers home. WE WILL FIGHT WHERE IT IS TO OUR BENEFIT, AND ONLY FIGHT TO WIN. Turkey, Europe, Syria, Iran, Iraq, Russia and the Kurds will now have to.....
.....again said “NO,” thinking, as usual, that the U.S. is always the “sucker,” on NATO, on Trade, on everything. The Kurds fought with us, but were paid massive amounts of money and equipment to do so. They have been fighting Turkey for decades. I held off this fight for....
....including capturing thousands of ISIS fighters, mostly from Europe. But Europe did not want them back, they said you keep them USA! I said “NO, we did you a great favor and now you want us to hold them in U.S. prisons at tremendous cost. They are yours for trials.” They.....
The United States was supposed to be in Syria for 30 days, that was many years ago. We stayed and got deeper and deeper into battle with no aim in sight. When I arrived in Washington, ISIS was running rampant in the area. We quickly defeated 100% of the ISIS Caliphate,.....
....This makes Nervous Nancy every bit as guilty as Liddle’ Adam Schiff for High Crimes and Misdemeanors, and even Treason. I guess that means that they, along with all of those that evilly “Colluded” with them, must all be immediately Impeached!
Gerry Baker of @WSJatLarge “Do you think what you’ve seen rises to the level of impeachment?” Ken Starr, Clinton Special Prosecutor. “I don’t!”
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of “Meet the Press” had a total meltdown in his interview with highly reaspected Senator @RonJohnsonWI. Seems that a not very bright Chuck just wasn’t getting the answers he was looking for in order to make me look as bad as possible. I did NOTHING wrong!
Good job, I must say, by Bob Woodward on “Deface the Nation.” The CBS no name host(ess), and other guest, Peter Baker of The Failing New York Times, were totally biased, boring and wrong (as usual), but Woodward was cool, calm and interesting. Thank you Bob!
Democrat lawyer is same for both Whistleblowers? All suppoDRAIN THE SWAMP!
Will be in Minnesota on Thursday night. Massive response, crowd and enthusiasm (actually, all over the Country) will be beyond belief! Same thing in Louisiana on Friday. Big and Bold USA!
Going to Louisiana on Friday night for a big Republican Rally. Keep Democrat Governor Edwards under 50%, force a runoff, and have a great new Republican Governor! Voting on Saturday. Information for Rally to follow.
#DONOTHINGDEMOCRATS
....And by the way, I would LOVE running against 1% Joe Biden - I just don’t think it’s going to happen. Sleepy Joe won’t get to the staThe Biden family was PAID OFF, pure and simple! The fake news must stop making excuses for something that is totally inexcusable. Sleepy Joe said he never spoke to the Ukrainian company, and then the picture came out where he was playing golf with the company boss and Hunter.....
....and separately got 1.5 Billion Dollars from China despite no experience and for no apparent reason. There is NO WAY these can be legitimate transactions? As lawyers &amp, others have stated, as President, I have an OBLIGATION to look into possible, or probable, CORRUPTION!
It is INCREDIBLE to watch and read the Fake News and how they pull out all stops to protect Sleepy Joe Biden and his thrown out of the Military son, Hunter, who was handed $100,000 a month (Plus,Plus) from a Ukrainian based company, even though he had no experience in energy,...
The Democrats are lucky that they don’t have any Mitt Romney types. They may be lousy politicians, with really bad policies (Open Borders, Sanctuary Cities etc.), but they stick together!
The first so-called second hand information “Whistleblower” got my phone conversation almost completely wrong, so now word is they are going to the bench and another “Whistleblower” is coming in from the Deep State, also with second hand info. Meet with Shifty. Keep them coming!
“President Trump would be negligent if he did not bring this matter, Biden, up. If the V.P. of the U.S. is self enriching &amp, engaged in criminal behavior, at a minimum corrupt behavior, it ought to be looked at.” Peter Schweizer, author, “Secret Empires.” @marklevinshow
So Crooked Hillary Clinton can delete and acid wash 33,000 emails AFTER getting a Subpoena from the United States Congress, but I can’t make one totally appropriate telephone call to the President of Ukraine? Witch Hunt!
I’m hearing that the Great People of Utah are considering their vote for their Pompous Senator, Mitt Romney, to be a big mistake. I agree! He is a fool who is playing right into the hands of the Do Nothing Democrats! #IMPEACHMITTROMNEY
Not only are the Do Nothing Democrats interfering in the 2020 Election, but they are continuing to interfere in the 2016 Election. They must be stopped!
Somebody please wake up Mitt Romney and tell him that my conversation with the Ukrainian President was a congenial and very appropriate one, and my statement on China peThe so-called Whistleblower’s account of my perfect phone call is “way off,” not even close. Schiff and Pelosi never thought I would release the transcript of the call. Got them by surprise, they got caught. This is a fraud against the American people!
“Ex-Envoy testified Ukraine (or the President of Ukraine) never raised Quid Pro Quo concerns with him: source.” @seanhannity @FoxNews The President of Ukraine also stated that he was NOT PRESSURED by me in any way. END OF CASE!
....of Ukraine, and cannot find any reason to charge the President with high crimes &amp, misdemeanors. This is just a phony Witch Hunt, perpetuated by Democrats to get rid of Trump because they cannot beat him in a fair election.” Richard Ketay
My daughter Ivanka will be on @trish_regan tonight on @FoxBusiness at 8:00 P.M., following the great @LouDobbs at 7:00. Enjoy!
....it to Congress, and the American people, as though it was the statement of the President of the United States, me. He did it to fool Congress and the public in order to make me look BAD. He is a sick puppy!
“Adam Schiff’s connection to the Whistleblower is coming to light.” @FoxNews These facts, and others, make it impossible for the ridiculous impeachment “scam” to go forward! Schiff has also committed a crime, perhaps treason, in making up a horrible statement and reading....
“It was just a congenial phone call, but its become so big. I’ve never seen the Media work so hard with so little.” @greggutfeld @FoxNews Witch Hunt!
I have just officially nominated Poland for entry into the Visa Waiver Program. With this decades long-awaited announcement, we are in the final steps of the process which, when complete, would grant Polish nationals visa-free business and tourism travel to the U.S. &amp, vice versa.
At the request of @SenThomTillis, I have declared a major disaster for the Great State of NoUnder my Administration, Medicare Advantage premiums next year will be their lowest in the last 13 years. We are providing GREAT healthcare to our Seniors. We cannot let the radical socialists take that away through Medicare for All!
“I think it’s outrages that a Whistleblower is a CIA Agent.” Ed Rollins @FoxNews
“The witness was asked at least 20 times, and there definitely was no Quid Pro Quo.” @RepMarkMeadows @FoxNews Their whole case was built around this, now they no longer mention!
The Whistleblower, who had the facts wrong about the phone call, reached out, and more, to the Democrat controlled House Intelligence Committee. Schiff never told us about this!
Breaking News: Unemployment Rate, at 3.5%, drops to a 50 YEAR LOW. Wow America, lets impeach your President (even though he did nothing wrong!).
As President I have an obligation to end CORRUPTION, even if that means requesting the help of a foreign country or countries. It is done all the time. This has NOTHING to do with politics or a political campaign against the Bidens. This does have to do with their corruption!
The Washington Times, “Ukraine envoy blows ‘massive hole’ into Democrat accusations. Republicans at hearing find no Trump Pressure.” The Ukrainian President also strongly stated that NO pressure was put on him. Case Closed!
Nancy Pelosi today, on @GMA, actually said that Adam Schiffty Schiff didn’t fabricate my words in a major speech before Congress. She either had no idea what she was saying, in other words lost it, or she lied. Even Clinton lover @GStephanopoulos strongly called her out. Sue her?
As the President of the United States, I have an absolute right, perhaps even a duty, to investigate, or have investigated, CORRUPTION, and that would include asking, or suggesting, other Countries to help us out!
There wasn’t ANYTHING said wrong in my conversation with the Ukrainian President. This is a Democrat Scam!
ELECTION INTERFERENCE!
"“The Ukraine controversy continues this morning as new documents obtained by @FoxNews show that a former Ukrainian prosecutor said that he was forced to back off looking into a firm tied to Hunter Biden.” @MariaBaThe U.S. won a $7.5 Billion award from the World Trade Organization against the European Union, who has for many years treated the USA very badly on Trade due to Tariffs, Trade Barriers, and more. This case going on for years, a nice victory!
The Do Nothing Democrats should be focused on building up our Country, not wasting everyone’s time and energy on BULLSHIT, which is what they have been doing ever since I got overwhelmingly elected in 2016, 223-306. Get a better candidate this time, you’ll need it!
Adam Schiff should only be so lucky to have the brains, honor and strength of Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. For a lowlife like Schiff, who completely fabricated my words and read them to Congress as though they were said by me, to demean a First in Class at West Point, is SAD!
Nancy Pelosi just said that she is interested in lowering prescription drug prices &amp, working on the desperately needed USMCA. She is incapable of working on either. It is just camouflage for trying to win an election through impeachment. The Do Nothing Democrats are stuck in mud!
All of this impeachment nonsense, which is going nowhere, is driving the Stock Market, and your 401K’s, down. But that is exactly what the Democrats want to do. They are willing to huNow the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moat stuffed with alligators and snakes, with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top, at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security, but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!
“Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats haven’t met the standards of impeachment. They have to be very careful here.” Jeanne Zaino. @FoxNews
Now the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moot stuffed with alligators and snakes, with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top, at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security, but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!
#DONOTHINGDEMS
All the Do Nothing Democrats are focused on is Impeaching the President for having a very good conversation with the Ukrainian President. I knew that many people were listening, even have a transcript. They have been at this “stuff” from the day I got elected. Bad for Country!
Congressman Adam Schiff should resign for the Crime of, after reading a transcript of my conversation with the President of Ukraine (it was perfect), fraudulently fabricating a statement of the President of the United States and reading it to Congress, as though mine! He is sick!
....People, their VOTE, their Freedoms, their Second Amendment, Religion, Military, Border Wall, and their God-given rights as a Citizen of The United States of America!
As I learn more and more each day, I am coming to the conclusion that what is taking place is not an impeachment, it is a COUP, intended to take away the Power of the....
....a Nancy Pelosi/Chuck Schumer Democrat (John Bel Edwards), who does nothing but stymie all of the things we are doing to Make America Great Again. Don’t be fooled, John Bel Edwards will NEVER be for us. Early voting has already staREPUBLICANS of Louisiana, it is really impoWhy isn’t Congressman Adam Schiff being brought up on charges for fraudulently making up a statement and reading it to Congress as if this statement, which was very dishonest and bad for me, was directly made by the President of the United States? This should never be allowed!
As I predicted, Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve have allowed the Dollar to get so strong, especially relative to ALL other currencies, that our manufacturers are being negatively affected. Fed Rate too high. They are their own worst enemies, they don’t have a clue. Pathetic!
....the Whistleblower, and also the person who gave all of the false information to him. This is simply about a phone conversation that could not have been nicer, warmer, or better. No pressure at all (as confirmed by Ukrainian Pres.). It is just another Democrat Hoax!
So if the so-called “Whistleblower” has all second hand information, and almost everything he has said about my “perfect” call with the Ukrainian President is wrong (much to the embarrassment of Pelosi &amp, Schiff), why aren’t we entitled to interview &amp, learn everything about....
Congratulations to President Xi and the Chinese people on the 70th Anniversary of the People’s Republic of China!
You cannot judge my Stock Market performance since the Inauguration, which was very good, but only from the day after the big Election Win, which was spectacular due to the euphoria of getting Obama/Biden OUT, &amp, getting Trump/Pence IN. WentI up BIG between Nov. 9 &amp, Inauguration!
My great friend, @RepMarkMeadows, has been an EXCELLENT Chairman of the House @FreedomCaucus, which has been a tremendous success. I am looking forward to close collaboration with his successor (staBIG NEWS by @Hyundai, @Kia, and @Aptiv on a 4 BILLION DOLLAR joint venture to develop autonomous driving technologies in the USA. That’s a lot of $$ and JOBS! Great jobs coming back to America!!
The Fake News Media wants to stay as far away as possible from the Ukraine and China deals made by the Bidens. A Corrupt Media is so bad for our Country! In actuality, the Media may be even more Corrupt than the Bidens, which is hard to do!
Very simple! I was looking for Corruption and also why Germany, France and others in the European Union don’t do more for Ukraine. Why is it always the USA that does so much and puts up so much money for Ukraine and other countries? By the way, the Bidens were corrupt!
....they made this whole thing up. Impeachment is also a pre-emptive strike for what they think is coming on the Obama Administration’s handling of the 2016 Election.” Jim McLaughlin, highly respected pollster. @WashTimes @FoxNews
“President Trump’s Job Approval Numbers have just reached the highest level since his Inauguration, around 50%, and you can add to that many votes from voters that don’t talk about their vote. Once they saw the President’s numbers going up, they said ‘We gotta do something,’ so..
#FakeWhistleblower
WHO CHANGED THE LONG STANDING WHISTLEBLOWER RULES JUST BEFORE SUBMITTAL OF THE FAKE WHISTLEBLOWER REPOAgain, the President of Ukraine said there was NO (ZERO) PRESSURE PUT ON HIM BY ME. Case closed!
Again, the President of the Ukraine said THERE WAS NO (ZERO) PRESSURE PUT ON HIM BY ME. End of case!
....place in TRADE, it’s taking shape in Military Competition.” Johnathan Ward, author and China expe“IT WAS A PERFECT CONVERSATION WITH UKRAINE PRESIDENT!”
“After many years, the United States is finally waking up to Beijing’s plans and ambitions to pass us as the dominant economic &amp, military superpower in the 21st Century. What’s happening now is that the U.S. is finally responding (thank you President Trump). This is taking.....
Rep. Adam Schiff illegally made up a FAKE &amp, terrible statement, pretended it to be mine as the most impoThe Fake Whistleblower complaint is not holding up. It is mostly about the call to the Ukrainian President which, in the name of transparency, I immediately released to Congress &amp, the public. The Whistleblower knew almost nothing, its 2ND HAND description of the call is a fraud!
“China Trade Turmoil: China Urging a CALM AND RATIONAL Solution.” @MariaBaThe Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!
....If the Democrats are successful in removing the President from office (which they will never be), it will cause a Civil War like fracture in this Nation from which our Country will never heal.” Pastor Robe....Election, and negate the votes of millions of Evangelicals in the process. They know the only Impeachable offense that President Trump has committed was beating Hillary Clinton in 2016. That’s the unpardonable sin for which the Democrats will never forgive him.....
....rid of Donald J. Trump - And the Democrats don’t care if they burn down and destroy this nation in the process. I have never seen the Evangelical Christians more angry over any issue than this attempt to illegitimately remove this President from office, ove“Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats can’t put down the Impeachment match. They know they couldn’t beat him in 2016 against Hillary Clinton, and they’re increasingly aware of the fact that they won’t win against him in 2020, and Impeachment is the only tool they have to get....
“State Depa....we are going to have an Election very sho“These are Trumped-Up Charges.” @PeteHegseth @foxandfriends
“All that’s swirling around us now is Impeachment. We talk about it day and night, it’s what’s on the news, there is NOTHING that has turned up that is Impeachable. Our founding fathers set impeachment to be extremely rare. We need to get good stuff done. Let the people vote,....
These Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, are doing great harm to our Country. They are lying &amp, cheating like never before in our Country’s history in order to destabilize the United States of America &amp, it’s upcoming 2020 Election. They &amp, the Fake News Media are Dangerous &amp, Bad!
....In addition, I want to meet not only my accuser, who presented SECOND &amp, THIRD HAND INFORMATION, but also the person who illegally gave this information, which was largely incorrect, to the “Whistleblower.” Was this person SPYING on the U.S. President? Big Consequences!
His lies were made in perhaps the most blatant and sinister manner ever seen in the great Chamber. He wrote down and read terrible things, then said it was from the mouth of the President of the United States. I want Schiff questioned at the highest level for Fraud &amp, Treason.....
Like every American, I deserve to meet my accuser, especially when this accuser, the so-called “Whistleblower,” represented a perfect conversation with a foreign leader in a totally inaccurate and fraudulent way. Then Schiff made up what I actually said by lying to Congress......
"The only people that don’t like my conversation with the new Ukrainian President are those that heard Rep. Adam Schiff read a made up and totally fraudulent statement to the House and public, words that I did not say but that he fabricated (&amp, admitted to this fabrication). Sick!
It is disgraceful what the Do Nothing Democrats are doing (the Impeachment Scam), but it is also disgraceful what they are NOT doing, namely, the USMCA vote, Prescription Drug Price Reduction, Gun Safety, Infrastructure, and much more!
....fraudulently and illegally inseThe Whistleblower’s complaint is completely different and at odds from my actual conversation with the new President of Ukraine. The so-called “Whistleblower” knew practically NOTHING in that those ridiculous charges were far more dramatic &amp, wrong, just like Liddle’ Adam Schiff..
....The conversation with the new and very good Ukraine President, who told the Fake News, at the United Nations, that HE WAS NOT PRESSURED BY ME IN ANY WAY, SHAPE, OR FORM, should by and of itself bring an end to the new and most recent Witch Hunt. Others ended in ashes!
How do you impeach a President who has created the greatest Economy in the history of our Country, entirely rebuilt our Military into the most powerful it has ever been, Cut Record Taxes &amp, Regulations, fixed the VA &amp, gotten Choice for our Vets (after 45 years), &amp, so much more?...
If that perfect phone call with the President of Ukraine Isn’t considered appropriate, then no future President can EVER again speak to another foreign leader!
Sounding more and more like the so-called Whistleblower isn’t a Whistleblower at all. In addition, all second hand information that proved to be so inaccurate that there may not have even been somebody else, a leaker or spy, feeding it to him or her? A paThe Democrats are now to be known as the DO NOTHING PARep. Adam Schiff totally made up my conversation with Ukraine President and read it to Congress and Millions. He must resign and be investigated. He has been doing this for two years. He is a sick man!
...sound horrible, and me sound guilty. HE WAS DESPERATE AND HE GOT CAUGHT. Adam Schiff therefore lied to Congress and attempted to defraud the American Public. He has been doing this for two years. I am calling for him to immediately resign from Congress based on this fraud!
Rep. Adam Schiff fraudulently read to Congress, with millions of people watching, a version of my conversation with the President of Ukraine that doesn’t exist. He was supposedly reading the exact transcribed version of the call, but he completely changed the words to make it...
....sound horrible, an me sound guilty. HE WAS DESPERATE AND HE GOT CAUGHT. Adam Schiff therefore lied to Congress and attempted to defraud the American Public. He has been doing this for two years. I am calling for him to immediately resign from Congress based on this fraud!
Rep. Adam Schiff fraudulently read to Congress, with millions of people watching, a version of my conversation with the President of Ukraine that doesn’t exist. He was supposedly reading the exact transcribed version of the call, but he completely changed the words to make it....
.....nice call with with the new President of Ukraine, it could not have been better or more honorable, and the Fake News Media and Democrats, working as a team, have fraudulently made it look bad. It wasn’t bad, it was very legal and very good. A continuing Witch Hunt!
Obama loving (wrote Obama book) Peter Baker of the Failing New York Times, married to an even bigger Trump Hater than himself, should not even be allowed to write about me. Every story is a made up disaster with sources and leakers that don’t even exist. I had a simple and very..
To show you how dishonest the LameStream Media is, I used the word Liddle’, not Liddle, in discribing Corrupt Congressman Liddle’ Adam Schiff. Low ratings @CNN purposely took the hyphen out and said I spelled the word little wrong. A small but never ending situation with CNN!
Will be a GREAT and very accurate show tonight by @seanhannity on @foxnews (9:00 PM). Will play my full statement from Air Force One!
The President of Ukraine said that he was NOT pressured by me to do anything wrong. Can’t have better testimony than that! As V.P., Biden had his son, on the other hand, take out millions of dollars by strong arming the Ukrainian President. Also looted millions from China. Bad!
No one has done more behind the scenes for STRONG BORDER SECURITY than @SenCapito. Her bill passed Committee today with $5B for the BORDER WALL. West Virginia is a great State and Shelley gets it done. Keep it up!
Congratulations to my friend @SenShelby, our powerful Appropriations Chairman, for his hard work on many strong bills that continue to rebuild our military, invest in border security, and many other priorities. Good work and keep fighting, you are winning!
Liddle’ Adam Schiff, who has worked unsuccessfully for 3 years to huAdam Schiff has zero credibility. Another fantasy to huA whistleblower with second hand information? Another Fake News Story! See what was said on the very nice, no pressure, call. Another Witch Hunt!
That, and many other reasons, is why Republicans will win No“Is there a case for impeachment? Absolutely not! There is no high crime or misdemeanor, no crime, no exto“Is their a case for impeachment? Absolutely not!” There is no high crimes or misdemeanors, no treason, no extoTHE DEMOCRATS ARE TRYING TO DESTROY THE REPUBLICAN PA"THE GREATEST SCAM IN THE HISTORY OF AMERICAN POLITICS!
....taken out of Ukraine and China. Additionally, I demand transparency from Democrats that went to Ukraine and attempted to force the new President to do things that they wanted under the form of political threat.
I have informed @GOPLeader Kevin McCaWow! “Ukraine Whistleblower’s lead attorney donated to Biden.” @FreeBeacon
“He (President Trump) didn’t specifically mention the explicit quid pro quo of...unless you investigate this...we’re going to withhold military aid to you.” Pamela Brown
“You don’t see a direct quid pro quo in this.” @BretBaier
Will the Democrats apologize after seeing what was said on the call with the Ukrainian President? They should, a perfect call - got them by surprise!
“The Democrats have been talking about Impeaching Donald Trump since before he was inaugurated.” @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends And for no reason other than the great success we are having with the Economy, the Military, Vets, Tax and Regulation Cuts, HealthCare, and so much more!
There has been no President in the history of our Country who has been treated so badly as I have. The Democrats are frozen with hatred and fear. They get nothing done. This should never be allowed to happen to another President. Witch Hunt!
Secretary of State Pompeo recieved permission from Ukraine Government to release the transcript of the telephone call I had with their President. They don’t know either what the big deal is. A total Witch Hunt Scam by the Democrats!
....You will see it was a very friendly and totally appropriate call. No pressure and, unlike Joe Biden and his son, NO quid pro quo! This is nothing more than a continuation of the Greatest and most Destructive Witch Hunt of all time!
I am currently at the United Nations representing our Country, but have authorized the release tomorrow of the complete, fully declassified and unredacted transcript of my phone conversation with President Zelensky of Ukraine....
"....know the correct facts. Is he on our Country’s side. Where does he come from. Is this all about Schiff &amp, the Democrats again after years of being wrong?
“The very thing that they are accusing President Trump of doing (which I didn’t do), was actually done by Joe Biden. Continues to be a double standard.” @RepDevinNunes @foxandfriends These people are stone cold Crooked. Also, who is this so-called “whistleblower” who doesn’t...
Just leaving the Great State of Ohio for New York and a few big days at the United Nations. Your Country will be well represented!
..Breaking News: The Ukrainian Government just said they weren’t pressured at all during the “nice” call. Sleepy Joe Biden, on the other hand, forced a tough prosecutor out from investigating his son’s company by threat of not giving big dollars to Ukraine. That’s the real story!
Now the Fake News Media says I “pressured the Ukrainian President at least 8 times during my telephone call with him.” This supposedly comes from a so-called “whistleblower” who they say doesn’t even have a first hand account of what was said. More Democrat/Crooked Media con.....
“The @nytimes is trying to make someone (Justice Kavanaugh) into an evil person when they don’t have the information to back it up. It is a false hoax.” @MZHemingway @MediaBuzzFNC Zero people were fired at the Times. Why?
“They are trying to destroy and influence Justice Kavanaugh, a very good man.” @LindseyGrahamSC 100% correct, and they should be fully exposed for what they are!
“Go across the world and you’ll see either very low interest rates, or negative rates. The President wants to be competitive with these other countries on this, but I don’t think he’ll fire Jay Powell (even if I should!).” We should always be paying less interest than others!
“When someone gets nominated overwhelmingly, and then wins the Election, as he did, then he gets to set the National Agenda. The press is just outrages. This @nytimes story is the most irresponsible thing I’ve ever seen.” @EdRollins @LouDobbs I agree. They also lose too much!
...The Fake News Media nowadays not only doesn’t check for the accuracy of the facts, they knowingly make up the facts. They even make up sources in order to protect their paThe LameStream Media had a very bad week. They pushed numerous phony stories and got caught, especially The Failing New York Times, which has lost more money over the last 10 years than any paper in history, and The Amazon Washington Post. They are The Enemy of the People!
“Ukraine Foreign Minister disputes repo“They’re trying to turn what was a Biden scandal into a Trump scandal.” @PeterSchweizer The problem is, “Trump” did nothing wrong!
....with a foreign leader. Was this person officially asked to listen to the conversation or was he or she secretly listening in?” @GreggJarrett
“It appears that an American spy in one of our intelligence agencies may have been spying on our own president. The complaint suggests that this intel agent was listening in on Trump’s conversation....
“The pretend Ukraine scandal is an another malicious seditious effo“They’re trying to turn what was a Biden scandal into a Trump scandal.” @PeterScheeizer The problem is, “Trump” did nothing wrong!
....statement. Strange that with so many other people hearing or knowing of the perfectly fine and respectful conversation, that they would not have also come forward. Do you know the reason why they did not? Because there was nothing said wrong, it was pitch perfect!
The Radical Left Democrats and their Fake News Media paOh no, really big political news, perhaps the biggest story in years! Pa“The U.S. Economy is the envy of the world, as Europe and Asia slide ever toward recession. But the Left is trying to avoid talking about the Trump Economy.” @IngrahamAngle The Best Is Yet To Come.
Because of my Administration, drug prices are down for the first time in almost 50 years — but the American people need Congress to help. I like Sen. Grassley’s drug pricing bill very much, and it’s great to see Speaker Pelosi’s bill today. Let’s get it done in a bipaPresidential Harassment!
....Knowing all of this, is anybody dumb enough to believe that I would say something inappropriate with a foreign leader while on such a potentially “heavily populated” call. I would only do what is right anyway, and only do good for the USA!
Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve Fail Again. No “guts,” no sense, no vision! A terrible communicator!
Happy 72nd Bi....far safer and much less expensive. Many more cars will be produced under the new and uniform standard, meaning significantly more JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Automakers should seize this oppo.... advantage, and also due to the fact that older, highly polluting cars, will be replaced by new, extremely environmentally friendly cars. There will be very little difference in emissions between the California Standard and the new U.S. Standard, but the cars will be....
The Trump Administration is revoking California’s Federal Waiver on emissions in order to produce far less expensive cars for the consumer, while at the same time making the cars substantially SAFER. This will lead to more production because of this pricing and safety......
I am pleased to announce that I will name RobeI have just instructed the Secretary of the Treasury to substantially increase Sanctions on the country of Iran!
So nice that our Country is now Energy Independent. The USA is in better shape than ever before. Strongest Military by far, biggest Economy (no longer even close), number one in Energy! MAGA = KAG!
Terrence K. Williams, “You can’t impeach Trump for being a winner!”
The New York Times is now blaming an editor for the horrible mistake they made in trying to destroy or influence Justice Brett Kavanaugh. It wasn’t the editor, the Times knew everything. They are sick and desperate, losing in so many ways!
Such a beautiful Opening Statement by Corey Lewandowski! Thank you Corey! @CLewandowski_
"Just depa....”That story (Kavanaugh) is nowhere near the standard that should be met in publishing a story.” @brithume @FoxNews
On my way to New Mexico — see you all sho...She can never recover, and will never return to Greatness, under current Management. The Times is DEAD, long live The New York Times!
I call for the Resignation of everybody at The New York Times involved in the Kavanaugh SMEAR story, and while you’re at it, the Russian Witch Hunt Hoax, which is just as phony! They’ve taken the Old Grey Lady and broken her down, destroyed her viOne my way to New Mexico — see you all sho“How many stories are wrong? Almost all of the stories the New York Times has done are inaccurate and wrong.” @greggutfeld The New York Times should close its doors and throw away the keys. The women mentioned in the Kavanaugh story said she didn’t even remember the event.
In a sho....for the privilege of being your President - and doing the best job that has been done in many decades. I am far beyond somebody paying for a hotel room for the evening, or filling up a gas tank at an airpoThey failed on the Mueller Repo“Democrats would rather talk about gun control than get something done.” Governor John Sununu @FoxNews @BillHemmer The big questions are, will they “move the goalposts” and, is this just a ploy to TAKE YOUR GUNS AWAY? I hope NOT on both counts, but I’ll be able to figure it out!
Remember when Iran shot down a drone, saying knowingly that it was in their “airspace” when, in fact, it was nowhere close. They stuck strongly to that story knowing that it was a very big lie. Now they say that they had nothing to do with the attack on Saudi Arabia. We’ll see?
Just Out: “Kavanaugh accuser doesn’t recall incident.” @foxandfriends DO YOU BELIEVE WHAT THESE HORRIBLE PEOPLE WILL DO OR SAY. They are looking to destroy, and influence his opinions - but played the game badly. They should be sued!
“What’s happening to Justice Kavanaugh is a disgrace. This guy is not a good man, he is a great man. He has to go to his church with his family while these terrible repo“The New York Times walks back repo...The United States, because of the Federal Reserve, is paying a MUCH higher Interest Rate than other competing countries. They can’t believe how lucky they are that Jay Powell &amp, the Fed don’t have a clue. And now, on top of it all, the Oil hit. Big Interest Rate Drop, Stimulus!
Producer prices in China shrank most in 3 years due to China’s big devaluation of their currency, coupled with monetary stimulus. Federal Reserve not watching? Will Fed ever get into the game? Dollar strongest EVER! Really bad for expoBecause we have done so well with Energy over the last few years (thank you, Mr. President!), we are a net Energy Expo.....’These Conservative Judicial appointments will impact our nation for years to come,’ said Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, who leads the Judiciary Committee and who has been speeding through Trump nominees.” The entire CouThe @nytimes. “This week, the Senate passed a milestone in confirming the 150th Federal Judge of Mr. Trump’s Administration to a lifetime appointment, far outstripping Barack Obama’s pace and fulfilling pledges by Mr. Trump and Mr. O’Connell to remake the Federal Judiciary....
....work that way. I have a better idea. Look at the Obama Book Deal, or the ridiculous Netflix deal. Then look at all the deals made by the Dems in Congress, the “Congressional Slush Fund,” and lastly the IG RepoHouse Judiciary has given up on the Mueller Repo“We cannot have what happened to this President happen again.” Joe DiGenova. “It is time for Justice to come barreling in.” @LouDobbs Can you imagine that with everything going on in this World, the Witch Hunt, though on a respirator, is still whimpering along. A disgrace!
The Fake News is saying that I am willing to meet with Iran, “No Conditions.” That is an incorrect statement (as usual!).
Here we go again with General Motors and the United Auto Workers. Get together and make a deal!
PLENTY OF OIL!
Saudi Arabia oil supply was attacked. There is reason to believe that we know the culprit, are locked and loaded depending on verification, but are waiting to hear from the Kingdom as to who they believe was the cause of this attack, and under what terms we would proceed!
....sufficient to keep the markets well-supplied. I have also informed all appropriate agencies to expedite approvals of the oil pipelines currently in the permitting process in Texas and various other States.
Based on the attack on Saudi Arabia, which may have an impact on oil prices, I have authorized the release of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, if needed, in a to-be-determined amount....
....Then, on top of it all, Kathleen Parker, of all people, wrote “In Case You Were Wondering, Trump Won The Debate.” True, but what is going on at the @washingtonpost? NOT Fake News!
Can’t believe the @washingtonpost wrote a positive front page story, “Unity Issue Has PaI am fighting the Fake (Corrupt) News, the Deep State, the Democrats, and the few remaining Republicans In Name Only (RINOS, who are on mouth to mouth resuscitation), with the help of some truly great Republicans, and others. We are Winning big (150th Federal Judge this week)!
Can’t let Brett Kavanaugh give Radical Left Democrat (Liberal Plus) Opinions based on threats of Impeaching him over made up stories (sound familiar?), false allegations, and lies. This is the game they play. Fake and Corrupt News is working oveBrett Kavanaugh should staThank you @foxandfriends and @RepMarkMeadows. Great interview!
The Taliban has never been hit harder than it is being hit right now. Killing 12 people, including one great American soldier, was not a good idea. There are much better ways to set up a negotiation. The Taliban knows they made a big mistake, and they have no idea how to recover!
....between our two countries. I look forward to continuing those discussions after the Israeli Elections when we meet at the United Nations later this month!
I had a call today with Prime Minister Netanyahu to discuss the possibility of moving forward with a Mutual Defense Treaty, between the United States and Israel, that would fuMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
94% Approval Rating in the Republican PaWho the hell is Joy-Ann Reid? Never met her, she knows ZERO about me, has NO talent, and truly doesn’t have the “it” factor needed for success in showbiz. Had a bad reputation, and now works for the Comcast/NBC losers making up phony stories about me. Low Ratings. Fake News!
“A Very Stable Genius!” Thank you.
While I like the Vaping alternative to Cigarettes, we need to make sure this alternative is SAFE for ALL! Let’s get counterfeits off the market, and keep young children from Vaping!
The two big Congressional wins in No....VERY stupidly negotiated Trade Deals, and Illegal Immigration, are a tremendous cost and burden to our Country. They are BOTH coming along very well and someday, in the not too distant future, America will see a very positive change. Remember, America First!
Illegal Immigration costs the USA over 300 Billion Dollars a year. There is no reason for this, and things are being set in motion to have this number come WAY DOWN. Democrats could end Loopholes and it would be a whole lot easier, and faster. But it will all happen anyway!....
....IG Repo....Became Number 1 in World &amp, Independent in Energy. Will soon have record number of Judges, 2 SC Justices. Done more than any President in first 2 1/2 years despite phony &amp, fraudulent Witch Hunt illegally led against him. WIN on Mueller RepoHow do you impeach a President who has helped create perhaps the greatest economy in the history of our Country? All time best unemployment numbers, especially for Blacks, Hispanics, Asians &amp, Women. More people working today than ever before. Rebuilt Military &amp, Choice for Vets...
“This should have been over with after the Mueller Repo“We can’t beat him, so lets impeach him!” Democrat Rep. Al Green
“Dems have never gotten over the fact that President Trump won the Election!” @GOPLeader McCaSome really big CouIt is expected that China will be buying large amounts of our agricultural products!
The Wall is being built after victories against the Democrats in various cou"....The Southern Border is becoming very strong despite the obstruction by Democrats not agreeing to do anything on Loopholes or Asylum!
I had an excellent telephone conversation with Andrés Manuel López Obrador, President of Mexico, talking about Southern Border Security, and various other things of mutual interest for the people of our respective countries....
....on October 1st, we have agreed, as a gesture of good will, to move the increased Tariffs on 250 Billion Dollars woAt the request of the Vice Premier of China, Liu He, and due to the fact that the People's Republic of China will be celebrating their 70th Anniversary....
BIG United States Supreme CouToday and every day, we pledge to honor our history, to treasure our libe"Leaving the White House soon to speak at the Pentagon. My great honor!
“China suspends Tariffs on some U.S. products. Being hit very hard, supply chains breaking up as many companies move, or look to move, to other countries. Much more expensive to China than originally thought.” @CNBC @JoeSquawk
.@CNN &amp, @MSNBC were all set to have a BIG victory, until Dan Bishop won NoBIG NIGHT FOR THE REPUBLICAN PAGreg Murphy is a big winner in NoDan Bishop was down 17 points 3 weeks ago. He then asked me for help, we changed his strategy together, and he ran a great race. Big Rally last night. Now it looks like he is going to win. @CNN &amp, @MSNBC are moving their big studio equipment and talent out. Stay tuned!
Dan Bishop was down 17 points 3 weeks ago. He then asked me for help, we changed his strategy together, and he ran a great race. Big Rally last night. Now it looks like he is going to win. @CNN &amp, @MSNBC are moving their big studio equipment and to talent out. Stay tuned!
Senator Ben Sasse has done a wonderful job representing the people of Nebraska. He is great with our Vets, the Military, and your very impoI am pleased to endorse Governor Mike Parson of Missouri. He is very Popular, Strong, and knows what he is doing – he gets it! Based on the fact that Mike has announced he will run again in 2020 for Governor, Mike Parson has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
....I asked John for his resignation, which was given to me this morning. I thank John very much for his service. I will be naming a new National Security Advisor next week.
I informed John Bolton last night that his services are no longer needed at the White House. I disagreed strongly with many of his suggestions, as did others in the Administration, and therefore....
Vote today for Dan Bishop. Will be great for NoOne of the greatest and most powerful weapons used by the Fake and Corrupt News Media is the phony Polling Information they put out. Many of these polls are fixed, or worked in such a way that a ceABC/Washington Post Poll was the worst and most inaccurate poll of any taken prior to the 2016 Election. When my lawyers protested, they took a 12 point down and brought it to almost even by Election Day. It was a Fake Poll by two very bad and dangerous media outlets. Sad!
We have been serving as policemen in Afghanistan, and that was not meant to be the job of our Great Soldiers, the finest on ea...the Economy, where there is NO Recession, much to the regret of the LameStream Media! They are working ove...the look of turmoil in the White House, of which there is none. I view much of the media as simply an arm of the Democrat Pa"A lot of Fake News is being repoThe Trump Administration has achieved more in the first 2 1/2 years of its existence than perhaps any administration in the history of our Country. We get ZERO media credit for what we have done, and are doing, but the people know, and that’s all that is impoI had nothing to do with the decision of our great @VP Mike Pence to stay overnight at one of the Trump owned resoI know nothing about an Air Force plane landing at an airpoThe Trump Administrations has achieved more in the first 2 1/2 years of its existence than perhaps any administration in the history of our Country. We get ZERO media credit for what we have done, and are doing, but the people know, and that’s all that is impo..that this Administration has done. They don’t talk about the great economy, the big tax and regulation cuts, the rebuilding of the Military, “Choice” at our VA, our Vets, Judges and Supreme CouAs bad as @CNN is, Comcast MSNBC is worse. Their ratings are also way down because they have lost all credibility. I believe their stories about me are not 93% negative, but actually 100% negative. They are incapable of saying anything positive, despite all of the great things...
...But most impoGreat news that an activist investor is now involved with AT&amp,T. As the owner of VERY LOW RATINGS @CNN, perhaps they will now put a stop to all of the Fake News emanating from its non-credible “anchors.” Also, I hear that, because of its bad ratings, it is losing a fo94% Approval Rating in the Republican PaHouse Republicans should allow Chairs of Committees to remain for longer than 6 years. It forces great people, and real leaders, to leave after serving. The Dems have unlimited terms. While that has its own problems, it is a better way to go. Fewer people, in the end, will leave!
.....the impo....musician @johnlegend, and his filthy mouthed wife, are talking now about how great it is - but I didn’t see them around when we needed help getting it passed. “Anchor”@LesterHoltNBC doesn’t even bring up the subject of President Trump or the Republicans when talking about....
....A man named @VanJones68, and many others, were profusely grateful (at that time!). I SIGNED IT INTO LAW, no one else did, &amp, Republicans deserve much credit. But now that it is passed, people that had vi....information does come out.” Charlie HuWhen all of the people pushing so hard for Criminal Justice Reform were unable to come even close to getting it done, they came to me as a group and asked for my help. I got it done with a group of Senators &amp, others who would never have gone for it. Obama couldn’t come close....
Congratulations to @JudgeJeanine Pirro on having, again, the Number One Best Selling Book!
....only made it worse! If they cannot agree to a ceasefire during these very impo....an attack in Kabul that killed one of our great great soldiers, and 11 other people. I immediately cancelled the meeting and called off peace negotiations. What kind of people would kill so many in order to seemingly strengthen their bargaining position? They didn’t, they....
Unbeknownst to almost everyone, the major Taliban leaders and, separately, the President of Afghanistan, were going to secretly meet with me at Camp David on Sunday. They were coming to the United States tonight. Unfo"...FAKE NEWS. I would like very much to stop referring to this ridiculous story, but the LameStream Media just won’t let it alone. They always have to have the last word, even though they know they are defrauding &amp, deceiving the public. The public knows that the Media is corrupt!
Russia and Ukraine just swapped large numbers of prisoners. Very good news, perhaps a first giant step to peace. Congratulations to both countries!
“In 22 years of patrolling our Southern Border, I have never seen Mexico act like a true Border Security PaThe Washington Post’s @PhilipRucker (Mr. Off the Record) &amp, @AshleyRParker, two nasty lightweight repoI want to congratulate @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and all Republicans. Today I signed the 160th Federal Judge to the Bench. Within a sho....I would also like to thank “Papa” Doug Manchester, hopefully the next Ambassador to the Bahamas, for the incredible amount of time, money and passion he has spent on helping to bring safety to the Bahamas. Much work to be done by the Bahamian Government. We will help! @OANN
Thank you to Bahamian Prime Minister HubeChina just enacted a major stimulus plan. With all the Tariffs THEY are paying to the USA, Billions and Billions of Dollars, they need it! In the meantime, our Federal Reserve sits back and does NOTHING!
....that were not hit – and that are in good condition. Any cruise ship companies willing to act as stationary housing, etc., I am sure would be appreciated!
The @USCG, @FEMA, and all others, along with other countries that have been helping, have been asked to move people in the badly hit sections of the Bahamas to other sections of the Bahamas....
“China is eating the Tariffs.” Billions pouring into USA. Targeted Patriot Farmers getting massive Dollars from the incoming Tariffs! Good Jobs Numbers, No Inflation(Fed). China having worst year in decades. Talks happening, good for all!
The Economy is great. The only thing adding to “unceGreat job by FEMA, Law Enforcement, First Responders, U.S. Coast Guard, and ALL! Keep going, we all appreciate what you are doing!
....pa....This nonsense has never happened to another President. Four days of corrupt repoThe Fake News Media was fixated on the fact that I properly said, at the beginnings of Hurricane Dorian, that in addition to Florida &amp, other states, Alabama may also be grazed or hit. They went Crazy, hoping against hope that I made a mistake (which I didn’t). Check out maps.....
Larry Kudlow on @Varneyco now!
Our great @JudgeJeanine has just written a book that will add to the tremendous success of her last number one best seller. It’s called, “Radicals, Resistance, and Revenge, The Left’s Plot To Remake America.” It is a FANTASTIC book. Go get it! @foxandfriends
Great interview of Sarah Sanders by @foxandfriends. She is a terrific person with a great future!
Congratulations to @edhenry and his sister on a great success. What a wonderful thing to do!
I agree with @jimcramer, the Fed should lower rates. They were WAY too early to raise, and Way too late to cut - and big dose quantitative tightening didn’t exactly help either. Where did I find this guy Jerome? Oh well, you can’t win them all!
DACA will be going before the Supreme Cou....President Obama never had the legal right to sign DACA, and he indicated so at the time of signing. But In any event, how can he have the right to sign and I don’t have the right to “unsigned.” Totally illegal document which would actually give the President new powers.
....have the discretion to end the program that President Obama began in his discretion. That program was unlawful to begin with. I think it’s very unlikely that the SCOTUS is going to issue an order reinstating what it believes is an unlawful program. DACA Is unlawful.” .....
The Immigration Law Institute’s Christopher Hajec says, “The Supreme Cou....that our economy is very strong. If the Fed would lower rates to where the bond market says they should be, then I really wouldn’t worry about a recession.” @jimcramer @JoeSquawk
“I think President Trump is set in his ways because he doesn’t see any weakening. I mean, look at the joblessness repoLooking forward to watching @SarahHuckabee Sanders tomorrow morning on @FoxandFriends, by far the #1 rated show on Morning Cable at 8:30am. Sarah will be an incredible addition to @FoxNews!
Great job done by @GovRonDesantis, @SenRickScott, Senator @MarcoRubio, and all of the those from Florida that were so brilliantly involved, including @FEMA, @USCG, Law Enforcement and First Responders. Thank you all!
Just got off the phone with Governor Brian Kemp (@GovKemp) of Georgia. Happy to hear that things are looking good for everyone. I stand by ready to assist, along with our great team at @FEMA – we’re with you ALL THE WAY!
Just spoke to Governor @HenryMcMaster of South Carolina regarding Hurricane Dorian. I informed Henry that we are monitoring South Carolina and stand by ready to assist. Be safe everyone, we are totally with you!
....His dedication to Israel and to seeking peace between Israel and the Palestinians won’t be forgotten. He will be missed. Thank you Jason!
After almost 3 years in my Administration, Jason Greenblatt will be leaving to pursue work in the private sector. Jason has been a loyal and great friend and fantastic lawyer....
Really Good Jobs Numbers!
Alabama was going to be hit or grazed, and then Hurricane Dorian took a different path (up along the East Coast). The Fake News knows this very well. That’s why they’re the Fake News!
....facts, and that should terrify every American regardless of their political stripe. The idea that all of that information hasn’t already been revealed shows how dastardly these people are, and how terrified they are about what’s going to happen when that....
State Rep Greg Murphy is running for Congress in No7. The badly flawed Paris Climate Agreement protects the polluters, hu6. The Democrats’ destructive “environmental” proposals will raise your energy bill and prices at the pump. Don't the Democrats care about fighting American pove4. The U.S. now leads the world in energy production...BUT... 5. Who's got the world's cleanest and safest air and water? AMERICA!
1. Which country has the largest carbon emission reduction?AMERICA!2. Who has dumped the most carbon into the air? CHINA!3. 91% of the world’s population are exposed to air pollution above the World Health Organization’s suggested level. NONE ARE IN THE U.S.A.!
8 FACTS that #FakeNewsCNN will ignore in tonight’s “Climate Forum”
....We can’t have a system where we run our entire economy for the benefit of other countries, which have long charged us big tariffs. Don’t keep ducking the reality. The U.S. has been subject to Tariff Terrorism for 50 years. But a real deal can be done.” Sam Zell @JoeSquawk
....Trump is doing to China is not lost on the rest of the world. Europe has had among the most protectionist policies forever. They’re sitting there and saying, gee, are we next? Maybe you are! We’ve got to change the rules. The U.S. can’t defend the world and pay for it....
“The Chinese are very adept at not accepting anything. You’ve got to be very tough, and that’s what Trump is doing. It’s in China’s interest to correct, and I think we’ll end up with a solution that’s dramatically better than we have today. Frankly, I think the impact of what...
“U.S. Winning Trade War With China In Dollars.” CNBC
....We can’t have a system where we run our entire economy for the benefit of other countries, which have long charged us big tariffs. Don’t keep ducking the reality. The U.S. has been subject to Tariff Terrorism for 50 years. But a real deal can be done.” Sam Zell @joekernencnbc
....Trump is doing to China is not lost on the rest of the world. Europe has had among the most protectionist policies forever. They’re sitting there and saying, gee, are we next? Maybe you are! We’ve got to change the rules. The U.S. can’t defend the world and pay for it........
“The Chinese are very adept at not accepting anything. You’ve got to be very tough, and that’s what Trump is doing. It’s in China’s interest to correct, and I think we’ll end up with a solution that’s dramatically better than we have today. Frankly, I think the impact of what....
.....on the President of the United States.” @charliekirk11 @trish_regan
“To declassify is so impo“I am so tired of hearing the rationalization of the Left in the country because they hate Donald Trump. Inexplicably and without foundation, they choose to hate America. The Democrats have truly become the paThe truth is that we have a nation that is disgusted with the FBI. We have a crisis of confidence in the number one law enforcement agency in this country (thanks Comey!). @LouDobbs “It’s a scandal.” @AlanDersh
At the request of Senator Thom Tillis, I am getting the NoThe U.S. may be getting a little bit lucky with respect to Hurricane Dorian, but please don’t let down your guard. As it heads up the coast, lots of very bad and unpredictable things can happen! On the other hand, the Bahamas have been devastated. We are sending crews to help!
....”knife crime,” which is totally out of control in London. People are afraid to even walk the streets. He is a terrible mayor who should stay out of our business!
The incompetent Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, was bothered that I played a very fast round of golf yesterday. Many Pols exercise for hours, or travel for weeks. Me, I run through one of my courses (very inexpensive). President Obama would fly to Hawaii. Kahn should focus on....
Based on the IG Repo....”knife crime,” which is totally out of control in London. People are afraid to even walk the streets. He is a terrible mayor who should stay out of our business!
The incompetent Mayor of London, Sadique Kahn, was bothered that I played a very fast round of golf yesterday. Many Pols exercise for hours, or travel for weeks. Me, I run through one of my courses (very inexpensive). President Obama would fly to Hawaii. Kahn should focus on....
Germany, and so many other countries, have negative interest rates, “they get paid for loaning money,” and our Federal Reserve fails to act! Remember, these are also our weak currency competitors!
For all of the “geniuses” out there, many who have been in other administrations and “taken to the cleaners” by China, that want me to get together with the EU and others to go after China Trade practices remember, the EU &amp, all treat us VERY unfairly on Trade also. Will change!
....And then, think what happens to China when I win. Deal would get MUCH TOUGHER! In the meantime, China’s Supply Chain will crumble and businesses, jobs and money will be gone!
We are doing very well in our negotiations with China. While I am sure they would love to be dealing with a new administration so they could continue their practice of “ripoff USA”($600 B/year),16 months PLUS is a long time to be hemorrhaging jobs and companies on a long-shot....
...Trade Agreement.” @business @ChuckGrassley @joniernst @SenatorFischer @BenSasse Making great progress for our Farmers. Approved E-15, year round. Big additional list to be submitted &amp, approved within two weeks. Will be even better for Ethanol, and we save our small refineries!
“Brazil will allow more American Ethanol to enter the country without Tariffs, a decision that Brazilian mills are celebrating. The seemingly counter-intuitive reaction stems from the tone of ongoing negotiations between the South American nation and the U.S. for a...
....when in fact, under ceSuch a phony hurricane repo....when in fact, under ceSuch a phony hurricane repo....Trade Agreement.” @business @ChuckGrassley @joniernst @debfisher @BenSasse Making great progress for our Farmers. Approved E-15, year round. Big additional list to be submitted and approved within two weeks. Will be even better for Ethanol, and we save our small refineries!
“Brazil will allow more American Ethanol to enter the country without Tariffs, a decision that Brazilian mills are celebrating. The seemingly counter-intuitive reaction stems from the tone of ongoing negotiations between the South American nation and the U.S. for a....
....The good news is that we are winning. Our real opponent is not the Democrats, or the dwindling number of Republicans that lost their way and got left behind, our primary opponent is the Fake News Media. In the history of our Country, they have never been so bad!
The LameStream Media has gone totally CRAZY! They write whatever they want, seldom have sources (even though they say they do), never do “fact checking” anymore, and are only looking for the “kill.” They take good news and make it bad. They are now beyond Fake, they are Corrupt..
The Amazon Washington Post did a story that I brought racist attacks against the “Squad.” No, they brought racist attacks against our Nation. All I do is call them out for the horrible things they have said. The Democrats have become the Pa....Trump Economics. With President Trump, Tariffs are bringing companies back to the USA like he said they would! @SteveHiltonx
....swing states that went to Trump in 2016 because he promised not to forget about them like the establishment had done for decades, and their trust in President Trump, paid off as they saw their incomes rise...And it’s the lowest paid workers who have gained the most with....
....Average hourly wages growth has far outpaced what we saw with President Obama. Across all industries, from mining and construction, to leisure &amp, hospitality, With President Trump we see income growth in states like Iowa, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Nevada, Florida,......
“The last three years of Trump policy have finally brought real hope and real change. Unemployment this year hit a 50 year low. With President Trump we’ve seen the lowest EVER African American and Hispanic unemployment. The booming Trump Economy has pushed up workers wages....
“They are liars, and in my opinion, TRAITORS!” @LouDobbs talking about Comey and his dwindling group of friends.
....and watched. NAFTA is the worst Trade Deal ever made - terrible for labor - and Richard let it stand. No wonder unions are losing so much. The workers will vote for me in 2020 (lowest unemployment, most jobs ever), and should stop paying exorbitant $Dues, not woJust watched AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka on @FoxNews and thought to myself how different he is on TV than he is when he is with me at the White House. Likes what we are doing until the cameras go on. We got robbed on Trade and everything else while his Dems just sat back....
Since my election, many trillions of dollars of wo....adds up to the most ambitious Pro-Worker policy agenda this Country has ever seen. The President promised Jobs, Jobs, Jobs, and that is exactly what he is delivering.” @SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC @FoxNews
“When you put everything together, the pro growth Tax &amp, Regulation Cuts, help to retrain workers, the Tariffs which encourage manufacturers to come back to America, along with President Trumps tough approach on immigration (strong stance on illegals, promoting Merit Based), it...
We are doing very well with China, and talking!
.....this (Judge Thomas Ambro, Majotity Opinion), and thank God for a President like Donald J. Trump, who will appoint judges like this. He will soon have appointed 180 new Federal Judges, not even including two great new Supreme Cou“We hold that legislative prayer is government speech not open to attack via those channels.” Third Circuit, CouPray for the people in the Bahamas. Being hit like never before, Category 5. Almost 200 MPH winds.
Great job by Texas Law Enforcement and First Responders in handling the terrible shooting tragedy yesterday. Thank you also to the FBI, @GregAbbott_TX and all others. A very tough and sad situation!
“Comey and McCabe (and more) are Di....repo“James Comey has been rebuked at the highest level, with much more to come. An IG Repo....is about American Freedom. Redirect the supply chain. There is no reason to buy everything from China!
Peter Morici, Economist: Tariffs will not impact American consumers that much because the Chinese currency has gone down, which gives our impoJust briefed by Attorney General Barr about the shootings in Texas. FBI and Law Enforcement is fully engaged. More to follow.
“The vindication belongs to the President for firing James Comey. It was clearly the right thing to do. You don’t want an FBI Director with Jim Comey’s ethics.” Jason Riley, Wall Street Journal
....but now we are moving forward like never before. We are winning again, and we are respected again!
Being scolded by failed former “Intelligence” officials, like James Clapper, on my condolences to Iran on their failed Rocket launch. Sadly for the United States, guys like him, Comey, and the even dumber John Brennan, don’t have a clue. They really set our Country back,....
Just watched Congresswoman Debbie Dingell, and many other Democrats, wanting to give up on our very successful Trade battle with China, which has had its worst Economic year in memory (and getting worse). We are taking in $Billions. Will be big for Farmers and ALL!
Has anyone noticed that the top shows on @foxnews and cable ratings are those that are Fair (or great) to your favorite President, me! Congratulations to @seanhannity for being the number one show on Cable Television!
Looking like our great South Carolina could get hit MUCH harder than first thought. Georgia and NoMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, which is happening, and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
I was right about Comey, CROOKED COP!
...Yes, I am currently suing various people for violating their confidentiality agreements. Disgusting and foul mouthed Omarosa is one. I gave her every break, despite the fact that she was despised by everyone, and she went for some cheap money from a book. Numerous others also!
While Madeleine Westerhout has a fully enforceable confidentiality agreement, she is a very good person and I don’t think there would ever be reason to use it. She called me yesterday to apologize, had a bad night. I fully understood and forgave her! I love Tiffany, doing great!
Has anyone noticed that the top shows on @foxnews and cable ratings are those that are Fair (or great) to your favorite President, me! Congratulations to @seanhannity for being the number one shoe on Cable Television!
“The IG found that James Comey leaked Classified Documents to his attorneys, which can be (is) a violation of the Espionage Act. This is consistent with all the lies that Comey has been spreading. @GreggJarrett @ByronYork @LouDobbs
I am monitoring Hurricane Dorian and receiving frequent briefings and updates. It is impo....pass the laugh test, and the Inspector General just knocked that down.” @ByronYork @LouDobbs
“They could have charged Comey with theft of government documents, 641 of the Criminal Code, because the IG found these were not his personal documents, these were government documents.” @GreggJarrett “Comey’s claim that these were just his own personal recollections would not..
Just arrived at Camp David!
"If the Fed would cut, we would have one of the biggest Stock Market increases in a long time. Badly run and weak companies are sma....We don’t have a Tariff problem (we are reigning in bad and/or unfair players), we have a Fed problem. They don’t have a clue!
Bryan Dean Wright, former CIA Officer(Dem): “In 2016 we had a Coup. We have to take Comey and others to task. Makes no sense not to prosecute him. Comey got a book deal. I fear for my Country. He tried to kneecap our duly elected president, and there are no consequences.” @fox&amp,Fs
Perhaps never in the history of our Country has someone been more thoroughly disgraced and excoriated than James Comey in the just released Inspector General’s RepoThe Farmers are going to be so happy when they see what we are doing for Ethanol, not even including the E-15, year around, which is already done. It will be a giant package, get ready! At the same time I was able to save the small refineries from ceThe Economy is doing GREAT, with tremendous upside potential! If the Fed would do what they should, we are a Rocket upward!
The totally inaccurate repo....for the most ridiculous claim of all, that Russia, Russia, Russia, or Russian oligarchs, co-signed loan documents for me, a guarantee. Totally false, as is viCrazy Lawrence O’Donnell, who has been calling me wrong from even before I announced my run for the Presidency, even being previously forced by NBC to apologize, which he did while crying, for things he said about me &amp, The Apprentice, was again forced to apologize, this time.....
Hurricane Dorian looks like it will be hitting Florida late Sunday night. Be prepared and please follow State and Federal instructions, it will be a very big Hurricane, perhaps one of the biggest!
PueThere has never been a time in the history of our Country that the Media was so Fraudulent, Fake, or Corrupt! When the “Age of Trump” is looked back on many years from now, I only hope that a big paThe Amazon Washington Post and @CNN just did a Fake Interview on Pardons for Aids on the Wall, and that I didn’t think the Wall on the Southern Border was that impoA sad day for the Democrats, Kirsten Gillibrand has dropped out of the Presidential Primary. I’m glad they never found out that she was the one I was really afraid of!
Thank you for the suppoAnother totally Fake story in the Amazon Washington Post (lobbyist) which states that if my Aides broke the law to build the Wall (which is going up rapidly), I would give them a Pardon. This was made up by the Washington Post only in order to demean and disparage - FAKE NEWS!
....And by the way, I’m the best thing that’s ever happened to PuePueOur Federal Reserve cannot “mentally” keep up with the competition - other countries. At the G-7 in France, all of the other Leaders were giddy about how low their Interest Costs have gone. Germany is actually “getting paid” to borrow money - ZERO INTEREST PLUS! No Clue Fed!
....I don’t want to Win for myself, I only want to Win for the people. The New @FoxNews is letting millions of GREAT people down! We have to sta....are all in for the Open Border Socialists (or beyond). Fox hires “give Hillary the questions” @donnabrazile, Juan Williams and low ratings Shep Smith. HOPELESS &amp, CLUELESS! They should go all the way LEFT and I will still find a way to Win - That’s what I do, Win. Too Bad!....
Just watched @FoxNews heavily promoting the Democrats through their DNC Communications Director, spewing out whatever she wanted with zero pushback by anchor, @SandraSmithFox. Terrible considering that Fox couldn’t even land a debate, the Dems give them NOTHING! @CNN &amp, @MSNBC....
Would be very hard for Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of Britain’s Labour PaWe are tracking closely tropical storm Dorian as it heads, as usual, to PueSo interesting to read and see all of the free and interesting advice I am getting on China, from people who have tried to handle it before and failed miserably - In fact, they got taken to the cleaners. We are doing very well with China. This has never happened to them before!
“The infestation of bedbugs at The New York Times office” @OANN was perhaps brought in by lightweight journalist Bret Stephens, a Conservative who does anything that his bosses at the paper tell him to do! He is now quitting Twitter after being called a “bedbug.” Tough guy!
....Another is a one-time BAD Congressman from Illinois who lost in his second term by a landslide, then failed in radio. The third is a man who couldn’t stand up straight while receiving an award. I should be able to take them!
Can you believe it? I’m at 94% approval in the Republican PaCan you believe it? I’m at 94% approval in the Republican PaAxios (whatever that is) sat back and said GEEEEE, let’s see, what can we make up today to embarrass the President? Then they said, “why don’t we say he wants to bomb a hurricane, that should do it!” The media in our Country is totally out of control!
They do stories so big on Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren’s crowd sizes, adding many more people than are actually there, and yet my crowds, which are far bigger, get no coverage at all. Fake News!
It is amazing that I can be at 51% with Zogby when the Fake &amp, Corrupt News is almost 100% against me. Great job Mr. President!
The G7 in France was so successful, and yet when I came back and read the Corrupt and Fake News, and watched numerous networks, it was not even recognizable from what actually took place at the Great G7 event!
Looking forward to being with Dan Bishop in two weeks, in No.@JudgeJeanine Pirro is following up her #1 Best Seller with another book that is destined to also be #1 – “Radicals, Resistance, and Revenge: The Left's Plot to Remake America.” Out today, go get it!
Wow! Yet another big storm heading to PueThe G-7 was a great success for the USA and all. LameStream Media coverage bore NO relationship to what actually happened in France - FAKE NEWS. It was GREAT!
No bedbugs at Doral. The Radical Left Democrats, upon hearing that the perfectly located (for the next G-7) Doral National MIAMI was under consideration for the next G-7, spread that false and nasty rumor. Not nice!
StaI have gotten to know President @jairbolsonaro well in our dealings with Brazil. He is working very hard on the Amazon fires and in all respects doing a great job for the people of Brazil - Not easy. He and his country have the full and complete suppoStaJust returned to Washington from France and the very successful G-7, only to find that the Fake News is still trying to perpetuate the phony story that I wanted to use Nuclear weapons to blow up hurricanes before they reach shore. This is so ridiculous, never happened!
The story by Axios that President Trump wanted to blow up large hurricanes with nuclear weapons prior to reaching shore is ridiculous. I never said this. Just more FAKE NEWS!
.@SteveHiltonx “The Democrats statements about Donald Trump are lies. Here are the Facts.” I will soon be posting the entire segment. Too much positive news, too many good things, to Tweet. PLEASE BE SURE TO WATCH! Thank you Steve Hilton for being a real pro and not being afraid!
My Stock Market gains must be judged from the day after the Election, November 9, 2016, where the Market went up big after the win, and because of the win. Had my opponent won, CRASH!
"Happy BiThe question I was asked most today by fellow World Leaders, who think the USA is doing so well and is stronger than ever before, happens to be, “Mr. President, why does the American media hate your Country so much? Why are they rooting for it to fail?”
Big Trade Deal just agreed to with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Will be great for our Farmers, Ranchers and more. Really big Corn purchase!
So @donnabrazile gives Crooked Hillary the Questions, and now she’s on @FoxNews!
Such False and Inaccurate repo....bad Economic times, the worse the better, anything to make my Election more difficult to win. Well, we are having very good meetings, the Leaders are getting along very well, and our Country, economically, is doing great - the talk of the world!
Before I arrived in France, the Fake and Disgusting News was saying that relations with the 6 others countries in the G-7 are very tense, and that the two days of meetings will be a disaster. Just like they are trying to force a Recession, they are trying to “will” America into..
The Media is destroying the Free Press! Mark Levin. So True!
France and President @EmmanuelMacron have done a really great job thus far with a very impoOur great Economy is the talk of everyone!
France and President @EmanuelMacrone have done a really great job thus far with a very impoNoLooking forward to helping New York City and Governor @andrewcuomo complete the long anticipated, and paJust had lunch with French President @EmmanuelMacron. Many good things are happening for both of our countries. Big weekend with other world leaders!
“Face It, You Probably Got A Tax Cut!” This was a New York Times headline, and it is very true. If Republicans take back the House, and keep the Senate and Presidency, one of our first acts will be to approve a major middle income Tax Cut! Democrats only want to raise your taxes!
Just had lunch with French President @EmanuelMacrone. Many good things are happening for both of our countries. Big weekend with other world leaders!
....having fun. I was smiling as I looked up and around. The MANY repoWhen I looked up to the sky and jokingly said “I am the chosen one,” at a press conference two days ago, referring to taking on Trade with China, little did I realize that the media would claim that I had a “Messiah complex.” They knew I was kidding, being sarcastic, and just....
Thank you to @DiamondandSilk for the really nice words and thoughts on @LouDobbs, tonight hosted by Lou’s friend, @DavidAsmanfox. Great job by all. P.S. Check out these two great women on tour tomorrow night in NYC at the Marriott Marquis Hotel, Broadway. Have fun!
Just spoke with President @JairBolsonaro of Brazil. Our future Trade prospects are very exciting and our relationship is strong, perhaps stronger than ever before. I told him if the United States can help with the Amazon Rainforest fires, we stand ready to assist!
...Additionally, the remaining 300 BILLION DOLLARS of goods and products from China, that was being taxed from September 1st at 10%, will now be taxed at 15%. Thank you for your attention to this matter!
...unfair Trading Relationship. China should not have put new Tariffs on 75 BILLION DOLLARS of United States product (politically motivated!). Sta....Sadly, past Administrations have allowed China to get so far ahead of Fair and Balanced Trade that it has become a great burden to the American Taxpayer. As President, I can no longer allow this to happen! In the spirit of achieving Fair Trade, we must Balance this very....
For many years China (and many other countries) has been taking advantage of the United States on Trade, Intellectual PropeThe Dow is down 573 points perhaps on the news that Representative Seth Moulton, whoever that may be, has dropped out of the 2020 Presidential Race!
....all deliveries of Fentanyl from China (or anywhere else!). Fentanyl kills 100,000 Americans a year. President Xi said this would stop - it didn’t. Our Economy, because of our gains in the last 2 1/2 years, is MUCH larger than that of China. We will keep it that way!
....your companies HOME and making your products in the USA. I will be responding to China’s Tariffs this afternoon. This is a GREAT oppo....better off without them. The vast amounts of money made and stolen by China from the United States, year after year, for decades, will and must STOP. Our great American companies are hereby ordered to immediately staOur Country has lost, stupidly, Trillions of Dollars with China over many years. They have stolen our Intellectual Prope....My only question is, who is our bigger enemy, Jay Powell or Chairman Xi?
As usual, the Fed did NOTHING! It is incredible that they can “speak” without knowing or asking what I am doing, which will be announced sho....My only question is, who is our bigger enemy, Jay Powel or Chairman Xi?
As usual, the Fed did NOTHING! It is incredible that they can “speak” without knowing or asking what I am doing, which will be announced shoNow the Fed can show their stuff!
..willing to lose their wealth, or a big pa...I am hopeful Congress will engage with my Team to pass meaningful legislation that will make a real difference and, most impoThe Economy is strong and good, whereas the rest of the world is not doing so well. Despite this the Fake News Media, together with their Pa94% Approval Rating within the Republican Pa"Happy bi".@SenCoryGardner has done a fantastic job representing the people of Colorado. He really knows how to win. Strong on Crime, Borders &amp, the 2nd A, Cory fights hard for our Military &amp, Vets. John Hickenlooper is badly damaged after his horrible run for President. Big Primary trouble!
"Looking forward to soon being in NoCheck out a FANTASTIC new book, “STILL WINNING – Why America Went All In On Donald Trump-And Why We Must Do It Again” by the great writer, @CharlesHuJust concluded a very good meeting on preventing Mass Shootings. Talks are ongoing w/ both Republicans &amp, Democrats. We are likewise engaging with lawful gun owners, survivors, grieving family members, law enforcement, the NRA, mental health professionals, and school officials...
Just heard that Sean Spicer will be on “Dancing with the Stars.” He will do great. A terrific person who loves our Country dearly!
The Economy is doing really well. The Federal Reserve can easily make it Record Setting! The question is being asked, why are we paying much more in interest than Germany and ceGermany sells 30 year bonds offering negative yields. Germany competes with the USA. Our Federal Reserve does not allow us to do what we must do. They put us at a disadvantage against our competition. Strong Dollar, No Inflation! They move like quicksand. Fight or go home!
Great! @LouDobbs interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. @FoxNews
....that when this Administration’s alternative is no longer available, California will squeeze them to a point of business ruin. Only reason California is now talking to them is because the Feds are giving a far better alternative, which is much better for consumers!
Henry Ford would be very disappointed if he saw his modern-day descendants wanting to build a much more expensive car, that is far less safe and doesn’t work as well, because execs don’t want to fight California regulators. Car companies should know....
The Legendary Henry Ford and Alfred P. Sloan, the Founders of Ford Motor Company and General Motors, are “rolling over” at the weakness of current car company executives willing to spend more money on a car that is not as safe or good, and cost $3,000 more to consumers. Crazy!
....Because of me, these countries have agreed to pay ONE HUNDRED BILLION DOLLARS more - but still way shoFor the record, Denmark is only at 1.35% of GDP for NATO spending. They are a wealthy country and should be at 2%. We protect Europe and yet, only 8 of the 28 NATO countries are at the 2% mark. The United States is at a much, much higher level than that....
....WHERE IS THE FEDERAL RESERVE?
So Germany is paying Zero interest and is actually being paid to borrow money, while the U.S., a far stronger and more impoMy proposal to the politically correct Automobile Companies would lower the average price of a car to consumers by more than $3000, while at the same time making the cars substantially safer. Engines would run smoother. Very little impact on the environment! Foolish executives!
.....We are competing with many countries that have a far lower interest rate, and we should be lower than them. Yesterday, “highest Dollar in U.S.History.” No inflation. Wake up Federal Reserve. Such growth potential, almost like never before!
Doing great with China and other Trade Deals. The only problem we have is Jay Powell and the Fed. He’s like a golfer who can’t putt, has no touch. Big U.S. growth if he does the right thing, BIG CUT - but don’t count on him! So far he has called it wrong, and only let us down....
The Fake News LameStream Media is doing everything possible the “create” a U.S. recession, even though the numbers &amp, facts are working totally in the opposite direction. They would be willing to hu“The speed bump has been missteps by the Federal Reserve.” @cvpayne @foxandfriends So true!
“The speed bump has been missteps by the Federal Reserve.” @CharlesPayne2nd @foxandfriends So true!
Rep Tlaib wants to cut off aid to Israel. This is the new face the of Democrat PaBrandon Judd, President, National Border Patrol Council. “This will effectively end Catch and Release and curb illegal entries.”
.....all Jews, Blacks, Gays, everyone. And impo....like he’s the King of Israel. They love him like he is the second coming of God...But American Jews don’t know him or like him. They don’t even know what they’re doing or saying anymore. It makes no sense! But that’s OK, if he keeps doing what he’s doing, he’s good for.....
“Thank you to Wayne Allyn Root for the very nice words. “President Trump is the greatest President for Jews and for Israel in the history of the world, not just America, he is the best President for Israel in the history of the world...and the Jewish people in Israel love him....
....The Prime Minister was able to save a great deal of expense and effoDenmark is a very special country with incredible people, but based on Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen’s comments, that she would have no interest in discussing the purchase of Greenland, I will be postponing our meeting scheduled in two weeks for another time....
Thank you to my great suppoGreat discussion with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson today. We talked about Brexit and how we can move rapidly on a US-UK free trade deal. I look forward to meeting with Boris this weekend, at the @G7, in France!
Wow, Repo.....The Fed Rate, over a fairly shoOur Economy is very strong, despite the horrendous lack of vision by Jay Powell and the Fed, but the Democrats are trying to “will” the Economy to be bad for purposes of the 2020 Election. Very Selfish! Our dollar is so strong that it is sadly huDemocrats want Open Borders and Crime! So dangerous for our Country. But we are building a big, beautiful, NEW Wall! I will protect America, the Dems don’t know where to sta....got fired. Wrote a very nice book about me just recently. Now the book is a lie? Said his wife was driving him crazy, “something big” was happening with her. Getting divorced. He was a mental wreck. We didn’t want him around. Now Fake News puts him on like he was my buddy!
Anthony Scaramucci is a highly unstable “nut job” who was with other candidates in the primary who got shellacked, &amp, then unfoGreat cohesion inside the Republican Pa....got fired. Wrote a very nice book about me just recently. Now the book is a lie? Said his wife was driving him crazy, “something big” was happening with her. Getting divorced. He was a mental wreck. We didn’t want him around. Now Fake News puts him on like he was my buddy!
House Democrats want to take action against Israel because it is fighting back against two (maybe four) people that have said unthinkably bad things about it &amp, the Israeli people. Dems have such disdain for Israel! What happened? AOC Plus 4 is the new face of the Democrat PaOur economy is the best in the world, by far. Lowest unemployment ever within almost all categories. Poised for big growth after trade deals are completed. ImpoJuan Williams at @FoxNews is so pathetic, and yet when he met me in the Fox Building lobby, he couldn’t have been nicer as he asked me to take a picture of him and me for his family. Yet he is always nasty and wrong!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
With all that this Administration has accomplished, think what my Poll Numbers would be if we had an honest Media, which we do not!
Great time in New Hampshire last night. Placed was maxed out, totally packed, with thousands coming to the arena floor at staHaving dinner tonight with Tim Cook of Apple. They will be spending vast sums of money in the U.S. Great!
Just completed a very good meeting on Afghanistan. Many on the opposite side of this 19 year war, and us, are looking to make a deal - if possible!
Like it or not, Tlaib and Omar are fast becoming the face of the Democrat PaRep. Tlaib wrote a letter to Israeli officials desperately wanting to visit her grandmother. Permission was quickly granted, whereupon Tlaib obnoxiously turned the approval down, a complete setup. The only real winner here is Tlaib’s grandmother. She doesn’t have to see her now!
Israel was very respectful &amp, nice to Rep. Rashida Tlaib, allowing her permission to visit her “grandmother.” As soon as she was granted permission, she grandstanded &amp, loudly proclaimed she would not visit Israel. Could this possibly have been a setup? Israel acted appropriately!
Senator Jim Risch of the Great State of Idaho has been an incredible suppoCongratulations to Patrick Yoes for his election as National President of the great Fraternal Order of Police. Together we will fight for our incredible Law Enforcement Officers!
Thank you to my good friend Chuck Canterbury for 16 years of service to the Fraternal Order of Police and our great men and women in blue. You are an incredible patriot!
Walma“If they don’t get this Trade Deal with the U.S. done, China could have it first recession (or worse!) in years. There’s disinvestment in China right now. Also, the Fed is too tight (I agree).” Steve Moore, Heritage Foundation
The Fake News Media is doing everything they can to crash the economy because they think that will be bad for me and my re-election. The problem they have is that the economy is way too strong and we will soon be winning big on Trade, and everyone knows that, including China!
Representatives Omar and Tlaib are the face of the Democrat PaWow! The Deputy Editor of the Failing New York Times was just demoted. Should have been Fired! Totally biased and inaccurate repoOur Great Farmers know how impoThe United States is now, by far, the Biggest, Strongest and Most Powerful Economy in the World, it is not even close! As others falter, we will only get stronger. Consumers are in the best shape ever, plenty of cash. Business Optimism is at an All Time High!
It would show great weakness if Israel allowed Rep. Omar and Rep.Tlaib to visit. They hate Israel &amp, all Jewish people, &amp, there is nothing that can be said or done to change their minds. Minnesota and Michigan will have a hard time putting them back in office. They are a disgrace!
The Philadelphia shooter should never have been allowed to be on the streets. He had a long and very dangerous criminal record. Looked like he was having a good time after his capture, and after wounding so many police. Long sentence - must get much tougher on street crime!
....what they were doing. There’s plenty of indication, we don’t have to speculate.” @SteveDoocy “Holy cow, got to read this book.” @ainsleyearhardt “WOW!” @foxandfriends A very serious situation. Can never be allowed to happen again! DRAIN THE SWAMP
Two great ente"I know President Xi of China very well. He is a great leader who very much has the respect of his people. He is also a good man in a “tough business.” I have ZERO doubt that if President Xi wants to quickly and humanely solve the Hong Kong problem, he can do it. Personal meeting?
..deferral to December. It actually helps China more than us, but will be reciprocated. Millions of jobs are being lost in China to other non-Tariffed countries. Thousands of companies are leaving. Of course China wants to make a deal. Let them work humanely with Hong Kong first!
..Spread is way too much as other countries say THANK YOU to clueless Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve. Germany, and many others, are playing the game! CRAZY INVEWe are winning, big time, against China. Companies &amp, jobs are fleeing. Prices to us have not gone up, and in some cases, have come down. China is not our problem, though Hong Kong is not helping. Our problem is with the Fed. Raised too much &amp, too fast. Now too slow to cut....
The Great Charles Payne @cvpayne correctly stated that Fed Chair Jay Powell made TWO enormous mistakes. 1. When he said “mid cycle adjustment.” 2. We’re data dependent. “He did not do the right thing.” I agree (to put it mildly!). @Varneyco
Tremendous amounts of money pouring into the United States. People want safety!
“So far, you’ve had Tariffs imposed on 300 Billion Dollars wo“The Fed has got to do something! The Fed is the Central Bank of the United States, not the Central Bank of the World.” Mark Grant @Varneyco Correct! The Federal Reserve acted far too quickly, and now is very, very late. Too bad, so much to gain on the upside!
Great interview of Ron Vitiello, Former Acting Ice Director, by @JesseBWatters, on @FoxNews, about all of the work that is being (&amp, has been) done on our Southern Border. Thanks Ron, terrific job! Now if only the Democrats would fix the Loopholes &amp, Asylum.
True! Without being stuck at an airpoIt always happens! When a Conservative does even a fraction of what Chris Cuomo did with his lunatic ranting, raving, &amp, cursing, they get destroyed by the Fake News. But when a Liberal Democrat like Chris Cuomo does it, Republicans immediately come to his defense. We never learn!
Just landed in Pennsylvania. Looking forward to making a speech on energy. So impoOur Intelligence has informed us that the Chinese Government is moving troops to the Border with Hong Kong. Everyone should be calm and safe!
Many are blaming me, and the United States, for the problems going on in Hong Kong. I can’t imagine why?
ALL THE NEWS THAT’S NOT FIT TO PRINT! “The New York Times is no longer the paper we grew up with. It is no longer a news organization. It is now an agenda driven organization out to change the Country (for the worse!).” Michael Goodwin, Highly Respected New York Post Columnist.
As usual, China said they were going to be buying “big” from our great American Farmers. So far they have not done what they said. Maybe this will be different!
Would Chris Cuomo be given a Red Flag for his recent rant? Filthy language and a total loss of control. He shouldn’t be allowed to have any weapon. He’s nuts!
Cu"The United States is learning much from the failed missile explosion in Russia. We have similar, though more advanced, technology. The Russian “Skyfall” explosion has people worried about the air around the facility, and far beyond. Not good!
"Scaramucci, who like so many others had nothing to do with my Election victory, is only upset that I didn’t want him back in the Administration (where he desperately wanted to be). Also, I seldom had time to return his many calls to me. He just wanted to be on TV!
Many incredible things are happening right now for our Country. After years of being ripped off by other nations on both Trade Deals and the Military, things are changing fast. Big progress is being made. America is respected again. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
..TV talent. Then, during the 2016 Election, I would watch as Joe Scarborough &amp, his very angry Psycho wife(?) would push Donny to the point of total humiliation. He would never fight back because he wanted to stay on TV, even on a very low rated show, all in the name of ambition!
So funny to watch Little Donny Deutsch on TV with his own failing show. When I did The Apprentice, Donny would call me (along with @ErinBurnett &amp, others) and BEG to be on that VERY successful show. He had the TV “bug” &amp, I would let him come on though he (&amp, Erin) had very little..
.....other than the fact that this Administration has probably done more than any other Administration in its first 2 1/2 years of existence. Anthony, who would do anything to come back in, should remember the only reason he is on TV, and it’s not for being the Mooch!
Anthony Scaramucci, who was quickly terminated (11 days) from a position that he was totally incapable of handling, now seems to do nothing but television as the all time expeJoe Biden just said, “We believe in facts, not truth.” Does anybody really believe he is mentally fit to be president? We are “playing” in a very big and complicated world. Joe doesn’t have a clue!
Think how wonderful it is to be able to fight back and show, to so many, how totally dishonest the Fake News Media really is. It may be the most corrupt and disgusting business (almost) there is! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
China wants to make a deal so badly. Thousands of companies are leaving because of the Tariffs, they must stem the flow. At the same time China may be hoping for a Democrat to win so they could continue the great ripoff of America, &amp, the theft of hundreds of Billions of $’s!
....cause big disruption by going to Manhattan. Working almost all of the time, including evenings. Don’t have to be in W.H. to do that...And sooo many other false statements. He is right about one thing, though. I will win again in 2020. Otherwise, he pays 95% in taxes!
Got to see, by accident, wacko comedian Bill Maher’s show - So many lies. He said patients in El Paso hospital didn’t want to meet with me. Wrong! Had really great meetings with numerous patients. Said I was on vacation. Wrong! Long planned fix up of W.H., stay here rather than..
Never has the press been more inaccurate, unfair or corrupt! We are not fighting the Democrats, they are easy, we are fighting the seriously dishonest and unhinged Lamestream Media. They have gone totally CRAZY. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....also a small apology for testing the shoIn a letter to me sent by Kim Jong Un, he stated, very nicely, that he would like to meet and staMaggie Haberman of the Failing @nytimes repo....to inflame and cause chaos. They create their own violence, and then try to blame others. They are the true Racists, and are very bad for our Country!
Liberal Hollywood is Racist at the highest level, and with great Anger and Hate! They like to call themselves “Elite,” but they are not Elite. In fact, it is often the people that they so strongly oppose that are actually the Elite. The movie coming out is made in order....
....mentally ill or deranged people. I am the biggest Second Amendment person there is, but we all must work together for the good and safety of our Country. Common sense things can be done that are good for everyone!
Serious discussions are taking place between House and Senate leadership on meaningful Background Checks. I have also been speaking to the NRA, and others, so that their very strong views can be fully represented and respected. Guns should not be placed in the hands of.....
"Rod Blagojevich, the former Governor of Illinois, was sentenced to 14 years in prison. He has served 7 years. Many people have asked that I study the possibility of commuting his sentence in that it was a very severe one. White House staff is continuing the review of this matter.
....career in the military, retiring from the U.S. Navy in 2010. He commanded at every level, including the Naval Special Warfare Command. He has also served as a National Security Fellow at Harvard University. I have no doubt he will do a great job!
I am pleased to inform you that the Honorable Joseph Maguire, current Director of the National Counte....coincides with the retirement of Dan Coats. A new Acting Director of National Intelligence will be named shoSue Gordon is a great professional with a long and distinguished career. I have gotten to know Sue over the past 2 years and have developed great respect for her. Sue has announced she will be leaving on August 15, which....
....I know Emmanuel means well, as do all others, but nobody speaks for the United States but the United States itself. No one is authorized in any way, shape, or form, to represent us!
Iran is in serious financial trouble. They want desperately to talk to the U.S., but are given mixed signals from all of those purpo....in the world, there is nobody even close, but unfo....John Deere, our car companies, &amp, others, to compete on a level playing field. With substantial Fed Cuts (there is no inflation) and no quantitative tightening, the dollar will make it possible for our companies to win against any competition. We have the greatest companies...
As your President, one would think that I would be thrilled with our very strong dollar. I am not! The Fed’s high interest rate level, in comparison to other countries, is keeping the dollar high, making it more difficult for our great manufacturers like Caterpillar, Boeing,.....
....I am so amazed that MSNBC &amp, CNN can keep putting on, over and over again, people that have no idea what I am all about, and yet they speak as expe....used currency manipulation to steal our businesses and factories, huJust watched a world class loser, Tim O’Brien, who I haven’t seen or spoken to in many years, &amp, knows NOTHING about me except that he wrote a failed hit piece book about me 15 years ago. Fired like a dog from other jobs? Saw him on Lyin’ Brian Williams Trump Slam Show. Bad TV....
The Dems new weapon is actually their old weapon, one which they never cease to use when they are down, or run out of facts, RACISM! They are truly disgusting! They even used it on Nancy Pelosi. I will be putting out a list of all people who have been so (ridiculously) accused!
Leaving El Paso for the White House. What GREAT people I met there and in Dayton, Ohio. The Fake News worked oveI don’t know who Joaquin Castro is other than the lesser brother of a failed presidential candidate (1%) who makes a fool of himself every time he opens his mouth. Joaquin is not the man that his brother is, but his brother, according to most, is not much. Keep fighting Joaquin!
I don’t know who Juaquin Castro is other than the lesser brother of a failed presidential candidate (1%) who makes a fool of himself every time he opens his mouth. Juaquin is not the man that his brother is, but his brother, according to most, is not much. Keep fighting Juaquin!
Watching Fake News CNN is better than watching Shepard Smith, the lowest rated show on @FoxNews. Actually, whenever possible, I turn to @OANN!
....misrepresenting what took place inside of the hospital. Their news conference after I left for El Paso was a fraud. It bore no resemblance to what took place with those incredible people that I was so lucky to meet and spend time with. They were all amazing!o
Just left Dayton, Ohio, where I met with the Victims &amp, families, Law Enforcement, Medical Staff &amp, First Responders. It was a warm &amp, wonderful visit. Tremendous enthusiasm &amp, even Love. Then I saw failed Presidential Candidate (0%) Sherrod Brown &amp, Mayor Whaley totally.....
Watching Sleepy Joe Biden making a speech. Sooo Boring! The LameStream Media will die in the ratings and clicks with this guy. It will be over for them, not to mention the fact that our Country will do poorly with him. It will be one big crash, but at least China will be happy!
Today, we honor all of our Country’s Purple Hea....terrible thing to watch, especially when things could be taken care of sooo easily. We will WIN anyway, but it would be much easier if the Fed understood, which they don’t, that we are competing against other countries, all of whom want to do well at our expense!
....proud to admit their mistake of acting too fast and tightening too much (and that I was right!). They must Cut Rates bigger and faster, and stop their ridiculous quantitative tightening NOW. Yield curve is at too wide a margin, and no inflation! Incompetence is a.....
“Three more Central Banks cut rates.” Our problem is not China - We are stronger than ever, money is pouring into the U.S. while China is losing companies by the thousands to other countries, and their currency is under siege - Our problem is a Federal Reserve that is too.....
“Meanwhile, the Dayton, Ohio, shooter had a history of suppo..”This is an astounding development in journalism. I’ve never seen it happen before, I’ve just never seen anything like this! Is that journalism today? I don’t think so!” Mark Penn, Former Clinton Advisor. @TuckerCarlson After 3 years I almost got a good headline from the Times!
“Trump Urges Unity Vs. Racism,” was the correct description in the first headline by the Failing New York Times, but it was quickly changed to, “Assailing Hate But Not Guns,” after the Radical Left Democrats went absolutely CRAZY! Fake News - That’s what we’re up against...
...Talks have begun to fuSouth Korea has agreed to pay substantially more money to the United States in order to defend itself from NoBeto (phony name to indicate Hispanic heritage) O’Rourke, who is embarrassed by my last visit to the Great State of Texas, where I trounced him, and is now even more embarrassed by polling at 1% in the Democrat Primary, should respect the victims &amp, law enforcement - &amp, be quiet!
....Amendment.” John Yoo. @IngrahamAngle Former Governor Jerry Brown vetoed the same bill in that it was ridiculous and totally unconstitutional. Just more of the record setting Presidential Harassment. Don’t feel badly, New York State is far worse!
“California is trying to meddle with a ballot in order to oppose President Trump, and it’s clearly something California is not allowed to do. It violates the right of the Republican PaWill be going to Dayton, Ohio and El Paso, Texas, tomorrow to meet with First Responders, Law Enforcement, and some of the victims of the terrible shootings.
...in 2020.” Lou Dobbs stated that this is a fraud on the American public. @peterschweizer stated with ce... are NOT planning to illegally subve.@sundarpichai of Google was in the Oval Office working very hard to explain how much he liked me, what a great job the Administration is doing, that Google was not involved with China’s military, that they didn’t help Crooked Hillary over me in the 2016 Election, &amp, that they...
As they have learned in the last two years, our great American Farmers know that China will not be able to huMassive amounts of money from China and other pa....in 2020.” Lou Dobbs stated that this is a fraud on the American public. @peterschweizer stated with ce....are NOT planning to illegally subve@sundarpichai of Google was in the Oval Office working very hard to explain how much he liked me, what a great job the Administration is doing, that Google was not involved with China’s military, that they didn’t help Crooked Hillary over me in the 2016 Election, and that they...
“It’s political season and the election is around the corner. They want to continue to push that racist narrative.” @ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends And I am the least racist person. Black, Hispanic and Asian Unemployment is the lowest (BEST) in the history of the United States!
“Did George Bush ever condemn President Obama after Sandy Hook. President Obama had 32 mass shootings during his reign. Not many people said Obama is out of Control. Mass shootings were happening before the President even thought about running for Pres.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
China is intent on continuing to receive the hundreds of Billions of Dollars they have been taking from the U.S. with unfair trade practices and currency manipulation. So one-sided, it should have been stopped many years ago!
Based on the historic currency manipulation by China, it is now even more obvious to everyone that Americans are not paying for the Tariffs – they are being paid for compliments of China, and the U.S. is taking in tens of Billions of Dollars! China has always....
China dropped the price of their currency to an almost a historic low. It’s called “currency manipulation.” Are you listening Federal Reserve? This is a major violation which will greatly weaken China over time!
The Media has a big responsibility to life and safety in our Country. Fake News has contributed greatly to the anger and rage that has built up over many years. News coverage has got to sta....this legislation with desperately needed immigration reform. We must have something good, if not GREAT, come out of these two tragic events!
We cannot let those killed in El Paso, Texas, and Dayton, Ohio, die in vain. Likewise for those so seriously wounded. We can never forget them, and those many who came before them. Republicans and Democrats must come together and get strong background checks, perhaps marrying....
....The flags at the White House will be lowered today through Thursday, August 8. Melania and I are praying for all those impacted by this unspeakable act of evil!
Today, I authorized the lowering of the flags to half-staff at all Federal Government buildings in honor of the victims of the tragedies in El Paso, Texas, and Dayton, Ohio....
God bless the people of El Paso, Texas. God bless the people of Dayton, Ohio.
God bless the people of El Paso Texas. God bless the people of Dayton, Ohio.
The FBI, local and state law enforcement are working together in El Paso and in Dayton, Ohio. Information is rapidly being accumulated in Dayton. Much has already be learned in El Paso. Law enforcement was very rapid in both instances. Updates will be given throughout the day!
....Melania and I send our heaToday’s shooting in El Paso, Texas, was not only tragic, it was an act of cowardice. I know that I stand with everyone in this Country to condemn today’s hateful act. There are no reasons or excuses that will ever justify killing innocent people....
....Melania and I send our heaToday’s shooting in El Paso, Texas was not only tragic, it was an act of cowardice. I know that I stand with everyone in this Country to condemn today’s hateful act. There are no reasons or excuses that will ever justify killing innocent people....
Terrible shootings in ElPaso, Texas. RepoThings are going along very well with China. They are paying us Tens of Billions of Dollars, made possible by their monetary devaluations and pumping in massive amounts of cash to keep their system going. So far our consumer is paying nothing - and no inflation. No help from Fed!
Countries are coming to us wanting to negotiate REAL trade deals, not the one sided horror show deals made by past administrations. They don’t want to be targeted for Tariffs by the U.S.
....John has therefore decided to stay in Congress where he has done such an outstanding job representing the people of Texas, and our Country. I will be announcing my nomination for DNI shoOur great Republican Congressman John Ratcliffe is being treated very unfairly by the LameStream Media. Rather than going through months of slander and libel, I explained to John how miserable it would be for him and his family to deal with these people....
A$AP Rocky released from prison and on his way home to the United States from Sweden. It was a Rocky Week, get home ASAP A$AP!
....Chariman Kim has a great and beautiful vision for his country, and only the United States, with me as President, can make that vision come true. He will do the right thing because he is far too sma.....Chairman Kim does not want to disappoint me with a violation of trust, there is far too much for NoKim Jong Un and NoReally bad news! The Baltimore house of Elijah Cummings was robbed. Too bad!
...We look forward to continuing our positive dialogue with China on a comprehensive Trade Deal, and feel that the future between our two countries will be a very bright one!
...during the talks the U.S. will sta...buy agricultural product from the U.S. in large quantities, but did not do so. Additionally, my friend President Xi said that he would stop the sale of Fentanyl to the United States – this never happened, and many Americans continue to die! Trade talks are continuing, and...
Our representatives have just returned from China where they had constructive talks having to do with a future Trade Deal. We thought we had a deal with China three months ago, but sadly, China decided to re-negotiate the deal prior to signing. More recently, China agreed to...
BIG RALLY tonight in Cincinnati, Ohio. See you there! P.S. Our Country is doing GREAT!
Budget Deal is phenomenal for our Great Military, our Vets, and Jobs, Jobs, Jobs! Two year deal gets us past the Election. Go for it Republicans, there is always plenty of time to CUT!
China, Iran &amp, other foreign countries are looking at the Democrat Candidates and “drooling” over the small prospect that they could be dealing with them in the not too distant future. They would be able to rip off our beloved USA like never before. With President Trump, NO WAY!
Congratulations to Kelly Knight Craft of #Kentucky on her confirmation as United Nations Ambassador. After having served so admirably as Ambassador to Canada, &amp, having done an outstanding job no matter how difficult the task, Kelly will be fantastic at the United Nations. Winner!
...It will soon be time to choose to keep and build upon that prosperity and success, or let it go. We are respected again all around the world. Keep it that way! I said I will never let you down, and I haven’t. We will only grow bigger, better and stronger TOGETHER!
The people on the stage tonight, and last, were not those that will either Make America Great Again or Keep America Great! Our Country now is breaking records in almost every category, from Stock Market to Military to Unemployment. We have prosperity &amp, success like never before..
The cages for kids were built by the Obama Administration in 2014. He had the policy of child separation. I ended it even as I realized that more families would then come to the Border! @CNN
ExpeVery low ratings for the Democratic Debate last night — they’re desperate for Trump!
....As usual, Powell let us down, but at least he is ending quantitative tightening, which shouldn’t have staWhat the Market wanted to hear from Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve was that this was the beginning of a lengthy and aggressive rate-cutting cycle which would keep pace with China, The European Union and other countries around the world....
....I am very happy for Eddie Gallagher and his family!
....to information that may have been obtained from opposing lawyers and for giving immunity in a totally incompetent fashion. I have directed the Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer &amp, Chief of Naval Operations John Richardson to immediately withdraw and rescind the awards....
The Prosecutors who lost the case against SEAL Eddie Gallagher (who I released from solitary confinement so he could fight his case properly), were ridiculously given a Navy Achievement Medal. Not only did they lose the case, they had difficulty with respect....
....I have directed the Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer and Chief of Naval Operations John Richardson to immediately withdraw and rescind the awards. I am very happy for Eddie Gallagher and his family!
....Not only did they lose the case, they had difficulty with respect to information that may have been obtained from opposing lawyers and for giving immunity in a totally incompetent fashion....
The Prosecutors who lost the case against SEAL Eddie Gallagher (who I released from solitary confinement so he could fight his case properly), were ridiculously given a Navy Achievement Medal....
....or is he too dumb (stupid} to understand that. No wonder CNN’s ratings (MSNBC’s also) have gone down the tubes - and will stay there until they bring credibility back to the newsroom. Don’t hold your breath!
CNN’s Don Lemon, the dumbest man on television, insinuated last night while asking a debate “question” that I was a racist, when in fact I am “the least racist person in the world.” Perhaps someone should explain to Don that he is supposed to be neutral, unbiased &amp, fair,.....
Lowering drug prices for many Americans - including our great seniors! At my direction, @HHSGov @SecAzar just released a Safe Impo“The lesser of two Socialists is still a Socialist!” Senator John Kennedy of Louisiana
If I hadn’t won the 2016 Election, we would be in a Great Recession/Depression right now. The people I saw on stage last night, &amp, you can add in Sleepy Joe, Harris, &amp, the rest, will lead us into an economic sinkhole the likes of which we have never seen before. With me, only up!
Such a great victory in cou....vindication &amp, exoneration from the Russian, WikiLeaks and every other form of HOAX perpetrated by the DNC, Radical Democrats and others. This is really big “stuff” especially coming from a highly respected judge who was appointed by President Clinton. The Witch Hunt Ends!
Wow! A federal Judge in the Southern District of N.Y. completely dismissed a lawsuit brought by the Democratic National Committee against our historic 2016 campaign for President. The Judge said the DNC case was “entirely divorced” from the facts, yet another total &amp, complete....
We should immediately pass Voter ID @Voteridplease to insure the safety and sanctity of our voting system. Also, Paper Ballots as backup (old fashioned but true!). Thank you!
Great reception in Jamestown by both REPUBLICANS &amp, DEMOCRATS. Respect for our Country’s incredible Heritage. Thank you!
Heading to Jamestown, Virginia. Word is the Democrats will make it as uncomfo....Don’t watch show, but heard Mika said I asked to preside over their marriage. Not true—does anyone really believe that? They were married by Elijah, King of Baltimore!
Just reminded my staff that Morning Joe &amp, Psycho were with me in my room, at their request, the night I won New Hampshire. Likewise, followed me to other states....
China has lost 5 million jobs and two million manufacturing jobs due to the Trump Tariffs. Trumps got China back on its heels, and the United States is doing great. @AndyPuzder @MariaBaSenate is working hard on America’s Transpo....@foxandfriends
Wow! Morning Joe &amp, Psycho ratings have really crashed. Very small audience. People are tired of hearing Fake News delivered with an anger that is not to be believed. Sad, when the show was sane, they helped get me elected. Thanks! Was on all the time. Lost all of its juice!
...to ripoff the USA, even bigger and better than ever before. The problem with them waiting, however, is that if &amp, when I win, the deal that they get will be much tougher than what we are negotiating now...or no deal at all. We have all the cards, our past leaders never got it!
..My team is negotiating with them now, but they always change the deal in the end to their benefit. They should probably wait out our Election to see if we get one of the Democrat stiffs like Sleepy Joe. Then they could make a GREAT deal, like in past 30 years, and continue
China is doing very badly, worst year in 27 - was supposed to staDespite the Democrats wanting very unsafe Open Borders &amp, refusing to change the Loopholes &amp, Asylum, tremendous progress is being made the the Southern Border. We all waited because we assumed the Dems would ultimately be forced to change the horrible Immigration Laws.They didn’t!
Somali refugees arresed in Tucson on way to Egypt. They were in touch with an agent posing as a terrorist. One of them stated, “The best wake up call is Islamic State to get victory or another 9/11.” Get sma“I don’t know what it’s going to take. A lot of Democratic run cities all over America look like this, it’s not just Baltimore, unfoBaltimore’s numbers are the worst in the United States on Crime and the Economy. Billions of dollars have been pumped in over the years, but to no avail. The money was stolen or wasted. Ask Elijah Cummings where it went. He should investigate himself with his Oversight Committee!
Elijah Cummings never even went to the Southern Border and then he screams at the very good people who, despite Congresses failure to fix the Loopholes and Asylum, make it work (crossings are way down and the Wall is being built). Even with zero Dem help, Border getting strong!
....She loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment. Cindy has my Full and Total Endorsement! #MAGA
Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith is doing a GREAT JOB for the people of Mississippi and fully suppoJust remember, the Iranians never won a war, but never lost a negotiation!
....He is tough on Crime, Strong on Borders, and will fight for our Second Amendment. Daniel will never let you down. He has my Full and Complete Endorsement!
....countries that know how to play the game against the U.S. That’s actually why the E.U. was formed....and for China, until now, the U.S. has been “easy pickens.” The Fed has made all of the wrong moves. A small rate cut is not enough, but we will win anyway!
The Democrats lost so BIG today. Their PaThe Fed “raised” way too early and way too much. Their quantitative tightening was another big mistake. While our Country is doing very well, the potential wealth creation that was missed, especially when measured against our debt, is staggering. We are competing with other.....
....even to new heights of success and glory, but not with King Elijah and that crew. When the leaders of Baltimore want to see the City rise again, I am in a very beautiful oval shaped office waiting for your call!
Crazy Bernie Sanders recently equated the City of Baltimore to a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY! Based on that statement, I assume that Bernie must now be labeled a Racist, just as a Republican would if he used that term and standard! The fact is, Baltimore can be brought back, maybe......
The E.U. and China will fuAl Sharpton would always ask me to go to his events. He would say, “it’s a personal favor to me.” Seldom, but sometimes, I would go. It was fine. He came to my office in T.T. during the presidential campaign to apologize for the way he was talking about me. Just a conman at work!
If the Democrats are going to defend the Radical Left “Squad” and King Elijah’s Baltimore Fail, it will be a long road to 2020. The good news for the Dems is that they have the Fake News Media in their pocket!
Baltimore, under the leadership of Elijah Cummings, has the worst Crime Statistics in the Nation. 25 years of all talk, no action! So tired of listening to the same old Bull...Next, Reverend Al will show up to complain &amp, protest. Nothing will get done for the people in need. Sad!
Law Enforcement is at the scene of shootings in Gilroy, California. Repo“The Democrats hate this President so much, they’re forgetting about their duty to secure our Border.” @ThomasHomanICE @SteveHiltonx Sad but true!
“If the Democrats would have closed the Loopholes two years ago when President Trump asked them to do so, none of this stuff would have happened.” @ThomasHomanICE
....be leaving office on August 15th. I would like to thank Dan for his great service to our Country. The Acting Director will be named shoI am pleased to announce that highly respected Congressman John Ratcliffe of Texas will be nominated by me to be the Director of National Intelligence. A former U.S. Attorney, John will lead and inspire greatness for the Country he loves. Dan Coats, the current Director, will....
Under the Trump Administration, African American unemployment is the lowest (best) in the history of the United States. No President has come close to doing this before! I also created successful OppoIf racist Elijah Cummings would focus more of his energy on helping the good people of his district, and Baltimore itself, perhaps progress could be made in fixing the mess that he has helped to create over many years of incompetent leadership. His radical “oversight” is a joke!
There is nothing racist in stating plainly what most people already know, that Elijah Cummings has done a terrible job for the people of his district, and of Baltimore itself. Dems always play the race card when they are unable to win with facts. Shame!
“Elijah Cummings has had his chance to address it (crime &amp, conditions in Baltimore) for decades, and he hasn’t gotten it done.” @PeteHegseth @foxandfriends How can he get it done when he just wants to use his Oversight Committee to huSpeaking of failing badly, has anyone seen what is happening to Nancy Pelosi’s district in San Francisco. It is not even recognizeable lately. Something must be done before it is too late. The Dems should stop wasting time on the Witch Hunt Hoax and sta....a look, the facts speak far louder than words! The Democrats always play the Race Card, when in fact they have done so little for our Nation’s great African American people. Now, lowest unemployment in U.S. history, and only getting better. Elijah Cummings has failed badly!
Someone please explain to Nancy Pelosi, who was recently called racist by those in her own pa“If it weren’t for Donald Trump, we would never know how corrupt these Democrats are, we would never know for sure that there was a Deep State. Now we know it.” @JudgeJeanine
The Democrats are still doing the Russians diThe real Collusion, the Conspiracy, the Crime, was between the Clinton Campaign, the DNC, Fusion GPS, Christopher Steele.....(and many others including Comey, McCabe, Lisa Page and her lover, Ohr and his wonderful wife, and on and on!). @replouiegohmeSo sad that Elijah Cummings has been able to do so little for the people of Baltimore. Statistically, Baltimore ranks last in almost every major category. Cummings has done nothing but milk Baltimore dry, but the public is getting wise to the bad job that he is doing!
....Robe“One of the biggest things to come out of Mueller’s testimony was the fact that when he was asked, was there ANYTHING that impeded your investigation, the answer was a clear, unequivocal, NO.” Misty Marris @FoxNews True, but many other great “exonerating” things came out.....
NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION, TOTAL EXONERATION. DEMOCRAT WITCH HUNT!
We gave Nadler and his Trump hating Dems the complete Mueller RepoElijah Cummings spends all of his time trying to huDemocrats don’t care about Border Security. They refuse to give the votes necessary to fix the Loopholes and Asylum. Would be so easy! They want Open Borders, which means CRIME,CRIME,CRIME!
Such a big victory of our Country! “Supreme CouThe Dems are now coming out of shock from the terrible Mueller performance, and are staThe Democrats were trying mightily to revive the badly &amp, irrevocably tarnished Witch Hunt Hoax until RobeConsideration is being given to declaring ANTIFA, the gutless Radical Left Wack Jobs who go around hitting (only non-fighters) people over the heads with baseball bats, a major Organization of Terror (along with MS-13 &amp, others). Would make it easier for police to do their job!
Why is so much money sent to the Elijah Cummings district when it is considered the worst run and most dangerous anywhere in the United States. No human being would want to live there. Where is all this money going? How much is stolen? Investigate this corrupt mess immediately!
....As proven last week during a Congressional tour, the Border is clean, efficient &amp, well run, just very crowded. Cumming District is a disgusting, rat and rodent infested mess. If he spent more time in Baltimore, maybe he could help clean up this very dangerous &amp, filthy place
Rep, Elijah Cummings has been a brutal bully, shouting and screaming at the great men &amp, women of Border Patrol about conditions at the Southern Border, when actually his Baltimore district is FAR WORSE and more dangerous. His district is considered the Worst in the USA......
The WTO is BROKEN when the world’s RICHEST countries claim to be developing countries to avoid WTO rules and get special treatment. NO more!!! Today I directed the U.S. Trade Representative to take action so that countries stop CHEATING the system at the expense of the USA!
France just put a digital tax on our great American technology companies. If anybody taxes them, it should be their home Country, the USA. We will announce a substantial reciprocal action on Macron’s foolishness shoApple will not be given Tariff waiver, or relief, for Mac Pro paQ2 GDP Up 2.1% Not bad considering we have the very heavy weight of the Federal Reserve anchor wrapped around our neck. Almost no inflation. USA is set to Zoom!
Apple will not be given Tariff wavers, or relief, for Mac Pro paThere may or may not be National Security concerns with regard to Google and their relationship with China. If there is a problem, we will find out about it. I sincerely hope there is not!!!
....the fact that I have gone through a three year vicious Witch Hunt, perpetrated by the Lamestream Media in Collusion with Crooked and the Democrat Pa.@FoxNews is at it again. So different from what they used to be during the 2016 Primaries, &amp, before - Proud Warriors! Now new Fox Polls, which have always been terrible to me (they had me losing BIG to Crooked Hillary), have me down to Sleepy Joe. Even considering.....
“Taken for Granted,” a wonderful new book by Gianno Caldwell on how Conservatism can win back the Americans that Liberalism failed, has my full Endorsement!
“Taken for Granted,” a wonderful new book by Gianni Caldwell on how Conservatism can win back the Americans that Liberalism Failed. Full Endorsement!
“Intelligence Community disappointed Mueller didn’t investigate the Steele Dossier.” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews ...And plenty of other things!
I am pleased to announce the House has passed our budget deal 284-149. Great for our Military and our Vets. A big thank you!
Give A$AP Rocky his FREEDOM. We do so much for Sweden but it doesn’t seem to work the other way around. Sweden should focus on its real crime problem! #FreeRocky
Very disappointed in Prime Minister Stefan Löfven for being unable to act. Sweden has let our African American Community down in the United States. I watched the tapes of A$AP Rocky, and he was being followed and harassed by troublemakers. Treat Americans fairly! #FreeRocky
...What took place was completely unacceptable, and will not be tolerated. Bill de Blasio should act immediately!
We love our Law Enforcement Officers all around this great Country. What took place in NYC with water being tossed on NYPD officers was a total disgrace. It is time for @NYCMayor @BilldeBlasio to STAND UP for those who protect our lives and serve us all so well...
House Republicans should suppoMark Levin on @foxandfriends now! Great guy.
Mark Levin will be on @foxandfriends now! Great guy.
President Trump’s Approval Rating on Economy is at 52%, a 4 point jump. Fox Poll @foxandfriends Shouldn’t this be at 100%? Best stock market, economy and unemployment numbers ever! Most people working within U.S. ever! Low interest rates, very low inflation! Country doing great!
Fox Poll say best Economy in DECADES!
...impeachment, you have a Pa“Yesterday changed everything, it really did clear the President. He wins.” @ainsleyearhardt “It changed everything in favor of the President, who said all along this investigation is rooted in nothing. Mueller was exposed as being best friends with Comey. Today, you say.....
“The kind of questions the White House Correspondents were asking is almost like they didn’t see what went on at the hearings!” @JesseBWatters The hearings were a disaster for RobeTRUTH IS A FORCE OF NATURE!
"I would like to thank the Democrats for holding this morning’s hearing. Now, after 3 hours, Robe“Mueller was asked whether or not the investigation was impeded in any way, and he said no.” In other words, there was NO OBSTRUCTION. @KatiePavlich @FoxNews
“This has been a disaster for the Democrats and a disaster for the reputation of Robe....interview, including the Vice President of the United States!
It has been repoKEEP AMERICA GREAT!
NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION!
....interview, including the Vice President of the United States!
Oh well, we still have the great @seanhannity who I hear has a really strong show tonight. 9:00 P.M.
Just watched Rep. Eric Swalwell be asked endless softball questions by @maJust got back only to hear of a last minute change allowing a Never Trumper attorney to help RobeBudget Deal gives great victories to our Military and Vets, keeps out Democrat poison pill riders. Republicans and Democrats in Congress need to act ASAP and suppo....I got to know him over his many years as Chairman of the Police Athletic League, for which he devoted so much time and energy. Bob Morgenthau, a legend, will be greatly missed!
I was saddened to learn of the recent passing of Bob Morgenthau, a truly great man! Bob served as a Naval Officer in World War II, was an extraordinary US Attorney, Manhattan District Attorney, and always a warrior for our Country that he loved so dearly....
Leaving for Turning Point USA. Will be speaking to some of the greatest and smaWhen an old Wall at the Southern Border, that is crumbling and falling over, built in an impoIn 2016 I almost won Minnesota. In 2020, because of America hating anti-Semite Rep. Omar, &amp, the fact that Minnesota is having its best economic year ever, I will win the State! “We are going to be a nightmare to the President,” she say. No, AOC Plus 3 are a Nightmare for America!
....Tariffs, Remittance Fees, or all of the above. Guatemala has not been good. Big U.S. taxpayer dollars going to them was cut off by me 9 months ago.
Guatemala, which has been forming Caravans and sending large numbers of people, some with criminal records, to the United States, has decided to break the deal they had with us on signing a necessary Safe Third Agreement. We were ready to go. Now we are looking at the “BAN,”....
Farmers are staCongratulations to Boris Johnson on becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. He will be great!
....Best and Newest Military (almost totally rebuilt from the depleted military I took over) in History, Best V.A. in History (Choice), and MUCH, MUCH MORE. Gee, let’s impeach the President. The “Squad” (AOC Plus 3) and other Dems suffer from Trump Derangement Syndrome. Crazy!
When we rip down and totally replace a badly broken and dilapidated Barrier on the Southern Border, something which cannot do the job, the Fake News Media gives us zero credit for building a new Wall. We have replaced many miles of old Barrier with powerful new Walls!
....This was a real compromise in order to give another big victory to our Great Military and Vets!
I am pleased to announce that a deal has been struck with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi, and House Minority Leader Kevin McCaThe “Squad” is a very Racist group of troublemakers who are young, inexperienced, and not very smaGoing with First Lady to pay our respects to Justice Stevens. Leaving now!
The Repo....But the questions should be asked, why were all of Clinton’s people given immunity, and why were the text messages of Peter S and his lover, Lisa Page, deleted and destroyed right after they left Mueller, and after we requested them(this is Illegal)?
Highly conflicted RobeFake News Equals the Enemy of the People!
The Mainstream Media is out of control. They constantly lie and cheat in order to get their Radical Left Democrat views out their for all to see. It has never been this bad. They have gone bonkers, &amp, no longer care what is right or wrong. This large scale false repo....except for those stated by me, &amp, “reams of paper” were never given to me. It is a made up story meant to demean &amp, belittle. The Post had no sources. The facts remain the same, that we have 4 Radical Left Congresswomen who have said very bad things about Israel &amp, our Country!
The Amazon Washington Post front page story yesterday was total Fake News. They said “Advisors wrote new talking points and handed him reams of opposition research on the four Congresswomen.” Now really, does that sound like me? What advisors, there were no talking points,....
It is far more costly for the Federal Reserve to cut deeper if the economy actually does, in the future, turn down! Very inexpensive, in fact productive, to move now. The Fed raised &amp, tightened far too much &amp, too fast. In other words, they missed it (Big!). Don’t miss it again!
....as we have done, it could have been soooo much better. Interest rate costs should have been much lower, &amp, GDP &amp, our Country’s wealth accumulation much higher. Such a waste of time &amp, money. Also, very unfair that other countries manipulate their currencies and pump money in!
With almost no inflation, our Country is needlessly being forced to pay a MUCH higher interest rate than other countries only because of a very misguided Federal Reserve. In addition, Quantitative Tightening is continuing, making it harder for our Country to compete. As good.....
....Based on the comments made by Senator Schumer, he must have seen how dangerous &amp, bad for our Country the Border is. It is not a “manufactured crisis,” as the Fake News Media &amp, their Democrat paSenator Chuck Schumer has finally gone to the Southern Border with some Democrat Senators. This is a GREAT thing! Nearby, he missed a large group of Illegal Immigrants trying to enter the USA illegally. They wildly rushed Border Patrol. Some Agents were badly injured....
....Most impoCongratulations to Bibi @Netanyahu on becoming the longest serving PM in the history of Israel. Under your leadership, Israel has become a technology powerhouse and a world class economy....
I don’t believe the four Congresswomen are capable of loving our Country. They should apologize to America (and Israel) for the horrible (hateful) things they have said. They are destroying the Democrat PaMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Presidential Harassment!
The Washington Post Story, about my speech in NoBig progress at the Border, but Dems in Congress must change the Immigration Laws for all to be good! End the Loopholes and much more.
The Great State of West Virginia is producing record setting numbers and doing really well. When I became President, it was practically shut down and closed for business. Not anymore!
I will help Angel Mom (and great woman) Mary Ann Mendoza with Twitter. I know Mary Ann from the beginning, and she should never be silenced. She is a winner who has lost so much, her child. Twitter, if you’re watching, please do what you have to do, NOW! @foxandfriends
....Our teams will be talking fuJust had a very good call with @SwedishPM Stefan Löfven who assured me that American citizen A$AP Rocky will be treated fairly. Likewise, I assured him that A$AP was not a flight risk and offered to personally vouch for his bail, or an alternative....
"Just spoke to @KanyeWest about his friend A$AP Rocky’s incarceration. I will be calling the very talented Prime Minister of Sweden to see what we can do about helping A$AP Rocky. So many people would like to see this quickly resolved!
....Fed: There is almost no inflation!
....but it is no thanks to the Federal Reserve. Had they not acted so fast and “so much,” we would be doing even better than we are doing right now. This is our chance to build unparalleled wealth and success for the U.S., GROWTH, which would greatly reduce % debt. Don’t blow it!
I like New York Fed President John Williams first statement much better than his second. His first statement is 100% correct in that the Fed “raised” far too fast &amp, too early. Also must stop with the crazy quantitative tightening. We are in a World competition, &amp, winning big,...
Because of the faulty thought process we have going for us at the Federal Reserve, we pay much higher interest rates than countries that are no match for us economically. In other words, our interest costs are much higher than other countries, when they should be lower. Correct!
....Governor of the State did a good job. That may be true but she could not have done it without the tremendous economic success of our Country &amp, the turnaround that my Administration has caused. Really Nasty to me in his average I.Q. Columns, kissed my a.. on the call. Phony!
....he could not have been nicer or more respectful to your favorite President, me. Then I saw the column he wrote, “Trump Will Be Re-elected, Won’t He?” He called me a Racist, which I am not, and said Rhode Island went from economically bad to great in 5 years because the.....
Thomas “the Chin” Friedman, a weak and pathetic so....State which I will win in #2020 because they can’t stand her and her hatred of our Country, and they appreciate all that I have done for them (opening up mining and MUCH more) which has led to the best employment &amp, economic year in Minnesota’s long and beautiful history!
....Mainstream Media, which has lost all credibility, has either officially or unofficially become a paIt is amazing how the Fake News Media became “crazed” over the chant “send her back” by a packed Arena (a record) crowd in the Great State of No....State which I will win in #2020 because they can’t stand her and her hatred of our Country, and they appreciate all that I have done for them (opening up mining and MUCH more) which has led to the best employment &amp, economic year in Minnesota’s long and beautiful history!
....working with labor and everyone else. He will be a great member of an Administration that has done more in the first 2 ½ years than perhaps any Administration in history!
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Gene Scalia as the new Secretary of Labor. Gene has led a life of great success in the legal and labor field and is highly respected not only as a lawyer, but as a lawyer with great experience....
THANK YOU Greenville, No....Greatest Economic BOOM in the history of our Country, the best job numbers, biggest tax reduction, rebuilt military and much more, is now OVER. This should never be allowed to happen to another President of the United States again!
The United States House of Representatives has just overwhelmingly voted to kill the Resolution on Impeachment, 332-95-1. This is perhaps the most ridiculous and time consuming project I have ever had to work on. Impeachment of your President, who has led the....
New Poll: The Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in predicting the 2016 Election, has just announced that “Trump” numbers have recently gone up by four points, to 50%. Thank you to the vicious young Socialist Congresswomen. America will never buy your act! #MAGA2020
After a ten year search, the so-called “mastermind” of the Mumbai Terror attacks has been arrested in Pakistan. Great pressure has been exeBig Rally tonight in Greenville, NoThe Democrats in Congress are getting nothing done, not on drug pricing, not on immigration, not on infrastructure, not on nothing! Sooo much oppo....they are destroying the Democrat Pa...opinion, they’re Americans. Now I’m entitled to my opinion, &amp, I just think they’re left wing cranks. They’re the reason there are directions on a shampoo bottle, &amp, we should ignore them. The “squad” has moved the Democrat Pa“In America, if you hate our Country, you are free to leave. The simple fact of the matter is, the four Congresswomen think that America is wicked in its origins, they think that America is even more wicked now, that we are all racist and evil. They’re entitled to their.....
....visible members of the House Democrats, who are now wedded to this bitterness and hate. The Republican vote was 187-4. Wow! Also, this was the first time since 1984 that the Speaker of the House was ruled Out of Order and broke the Rules of the House. Quite a day!
Looking forward to tomorrow night’s rally in Greenville, NoKevin McCa.....Congresswomen, who I truly believe, based on their actions, hate our Country. Get a list of the HORRIBLE things they have said. Omar is polling at 8%, CoThose Tweets were NOT Racist. I don’t have a Racist bone in my body! The so-called vote to be taken is a Democrat con game. Republicans should not show “weakness” and fall into their trap. This should be a vote on the filthy language, statements and lies told by the Democrat.....
Our Country is Free, Beautiful and Very Successful. If you hate our Country, or if you are not happy here, you can leave!
If you come after the President, the Country, the Flag - he’s going to defend himself. What the squad doesn’t like is that Donald Trump is enforcing the very laws that are on the books that were put there by Congress.” Jason Chaffetz. Also, buy Jason’s great new book, POWER GRAB!
“Billionaire Tech Investor Peter Thiel believes Google should be investigated for treason. He accuses Google of working with the Chinese Government.” @foxandfriends A great and brilliant guy who knows this subject better than anyone! The Trump Administration will take a look!
.....shouting of the F...word, among many other terrible things, and the petrified Dems run for the hills. Why isn’t the House voting to rebuke the filthy and hate laced things they have said? Because they are the Radical Left, and the Democrats are afraid to take them on. Sad!
The Democrat Congresswomen have been spewing some of the most vile, hateful, and disgusting things ever said by a politician in the House or Senate, &amp, yet they get a free pass and a big embrace from the Democrat Pa“The best economy in our lifetime!” @IngrahamAngle
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Obama Administration built the Cages, not the Trump Administration! DEMOCRATS MUST GIVE US THE VOTES TO CHANGE BAD IMMIGRATION LAWS.
The Dems were trying to distance themselves from the four “progressives,” but now they are forced to embrace them. That means they are endorsing Socialism, hate of Israel and the USA! Not good for the Democrats!
....Detention facilities are not Concentration Camps! America has never been stronger than it is now – rebuilt Military, highest Stock Market EVER, lowest unemployment and more people working than ever before. Keep America Great!
....They are anti-Israel, pro Al-Qaeda, and comment on the 9/11 attack, “some people did something.” Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders, which means drugs, crime, human trafficking, and much more....
We will never be a Socialist or Communist Country. IF YOU ARE NOT HAPPY HERE, YOU CAN LEAVE! It is your choice, and your choice alone. This is about love for America. CeHere we go with the Fake Polls. Just like what happened with the Election against Crooked Hillary Clinton. ABC, NBC, CNN, @nytimes, @washingtonpost, they all got it wrong, on purpose. Suppression Polls so early? They will never learn!
.....to impeach President Trump on DAY ONE. Make them the face of the future of the Democrat Pa....What does it mean for America to have free Healthcare for Illegal Immigrants, no criminalization of coming into our Country - See how that works for controlling Immigration! They talk about Israel like they’re a bunch of thugs, not victims of the entire region. They wanted...
....they are Anti-Semitic, they are Anti-America, we don’t need to know anything about them personally, talk about their policies. I think they are American citizens who are duly elected that are running on an agenda that is disgusting, that the American people will reject......
“We all know that AOC and this crowd are a bunch of Communists, they hate Israel, they hate our own Country, they’re calling the guards along our Border (the Border Patrol Agents) Concentration Camp Guards, they accuse people who suppoIf Democrats want to unite around the foul language &amp, racist hatred spewed from the mouths and actions of these very unpopular &amp, unrepresentative Congresswomen, it will be interesting to see how it plays out. I can tell you that they have made Israel feel abandoned by the U.S.
When will the Radical Left Congresswomen apologize to our Country, the people of Israel and even to the Office of the President, for the foul language they have used, and the terrible things they have said. So many people are angry at them &amp, their horrible &amp, disgusting actions!
....with the U.S., and wishes it had not broken the original deal in the first place. In the meantime, we are receiving Billions of Dollars in Tariffs from China, with possibly much more to come. These Tariffs are paid for by China devaluing &amp, pumping, not by the U.S. taxpayer!
China’s 2nd QuaWe are doing great Economically as a Country, Number One, despite the Fed’s antiquated policy on rates and tightening. Much room to grow!
....and the many terrible things they say about the United States must not be allowed to go unchallenged. If the Democrat PaSo sad to see the Democrats sticking up for people who speak so badly of our Country and who, in addition, hate Israel with a true and unbridled passion. Whenever confronted, they call their adversaries, including Nancy Pelosi, “RACIST.” Their disgusting language.....
.....Sorry, can’t let them into our Country. If too crowded, tell them not to come to USA, and tell the Dems to fix the Loopholes - Problem Solved!
Friday’s tour showed vividly, to politicians and the media, how well run and clean the children’s detention centers are. Great reviews! Failing @nytimes story was FAKE! The adult single men areas were clean but crowded - also loaded up with a big percentage of criminals......
....it is done. These places need your help badly, you can’t leave fast enough. I’m sure that Nancy Pelosi would be very happy to quickly work out free travel arrangements!
....and viciously telling the people of the United States, the greatest and most powerful Nation on eaSo interesting to see “Progressive” Democrat Congresswomen, who originally came from countries whose governments are a complete and total catastrophe, the worst, most corrupt and inept anywhere in the world (if they even have a functioning government at all), now loudly......
Wow, @CNN RATINGS HAVE CRASHED. LOST ALL CREDIBILITY!
We have a GREAT TEAM in Pennsylvania! I’m proud to say that our good friends Lawrence Tabas &amp, Bernadette “Bernie” Comfo....Alex was a great Secretary of Labor and his service is truly appreciated. He will be replaced on an acting basis by Pat Pizzella, the current Deputy Secretary.
Alex Acosta informed me this morning that he felt the constant drumbeat of press about a prosecution which took place under his watch more than 12 years ago was bad for the Administration, which he so strongly believes in, and he graciously tendered his resignation....
"Great job by Rush Limbaugh on @foxandfriends!
.....if Mexico produces (which I think they will). Biggest pa....companies to come to the USA and to get companies that have left us for other lands to COME BACK HOME. We stupidly lost 30% of our auto business to Mexico. If the Tariffs went on at the higher level, they would all come back, and fast. But very happy with the deal I made,...
When you are the big “piggy bank” that other countries have been ripping off for years (to a level that is not to be believed), Tariffs are a great negotiating tool, a great revenue producer and, most impo@SebGorka Wins Big, No Contest!
The Great Rush Limbaugh will be on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Enjoy!
....He had the Majority &amp, blew it away with his poor leadership and bad timing. Never knew how to go after the Dems like they go after us. Couldn’t get him out of Congress fast enough!
....When Mitt chose Paul I told people that’s the end of that Presidential run. He quit Congress because he didn’t know how to Win. They gave me standing O’s in the Great State of Wisconsin, &amp, booed him off the stage. He promised me the Wall, &amp, failed (happening anyway!)......
...and International. We have only one real currency in the USA, and it is stronger than ever, both dependable and reliable. It is by far the most dominant currency anywhere in the World, and it will always stay that way. It is called the United States Dollar!
....Similarly, Facebook Libra’s “viI am not a fan of Bitcoin and other Cryptocurrencies, which are not money, and whose value is highly volatile and based on thin air. Unregulated Crypto Assets can facilitate unlawful behavior, including drug trade and other illegal activity....
To everyone on the Gulf Coast: As you make preparations to protect your homes &amp, loved ones from flooding &amp, the coming storm, it is imperative that you heed the directions of @FEMA, State &amp, Local Officials. We are working closely w/ them. Please be prepared, be careful, &amp, be SAFE!
...or a very nervous and skinny version of Pocahontas (1/1024th), as your President, rather than what you have now, so great looking and sma...years, or maybe 10 or 14 (just kidding), they will quickly go out of business for lack of credibility, or approval, from the public. That’s why they will all be Endorsing me at some point, one way or the other. Could you imagine having Sleepy Joe Biden, or Alfred E. Newman...
...The Fake News is not as impoA big subject today at the White House Social Media Summit will be the tremendous dishonesty, bias, discrimination and suppression practiced by ceSo happy that I was able to keep Sikorsky Helicopter in the Great State of Pennsylvania. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Dow just hit 27,000 for first time EVER!
“It seems that the Brits and the French and the Germans are coming around to the idea that the Iranians are up to no good!” @BillHemmer @FoxNews
Mexico is doing great at the Border, but China is letting us down in that they have not been buying the agricultural products from our great Farmers that they said they would. Hopefully they will staWill be a big and exciting day at the White House for Social Media!
....conflicted and compromised Mueller again. He said he was “done” after his last 9 minute speech, and that he had nothing more to say outside of the No Collusion, No Obstruction, RepoNow the Democrats have asked to see 12 more people who have already spent hours with RobeDemocrats had to quickly take down a tweet called “Kids In Cages, Inhumane Treatment at the Border,” because the horrible picture used was from the Obama years. Very embarrassing! @foxandfriends
....And remember, a bank that I did use years ago, the now badly written about and maligned Deutsche Bank, was then one of the largest and most prestigious banks in the world! They wanted my business, and so did many others!
The Fake News Media loves the narrative that I didn’t use many banks because the banks didn’t like me. No, I didn’t use many banks because I didn’t (don’t) need their money (old fashioned, isn’t it?). If I did, it would have been very easy for me to get.
....months, the lowest since 1972.” The Wall Street Journal Editorial Board, A Tale of Two Economies. @IngrahamAngle
“Nearly one million more blacks and two million more Hispanics are employed than when Barrack Obama left office, and minorities account for more than half of all new jobs created during the Trump Presidency. Unemployment among black women has hovered near 5% for the last six.....
The Pledge of Allegiance to our great Country, in St. Louis Park, Minnesota, is under siege. That is why I am going to win the Great State of Minnesota in the 2020 Election. People are sick and tired of this stupidity and disloyalty to our wonderful USA!
...or a very nervous and skinny version of Pocahontas (1000/24th), as your President, rather than what you have now, so great looking and sma....years, or maybe 10 or 14 (just kidding), they will quickly go out of business for lack of credibility, or approval, from the public. That’s why they will all be Endorsing me at some point, one way or the other. Could you imagine having Sleepy Joe Biden, or @AlfredENeuman99,..
....serving and doing a great job as your President (including accepting Zero salary!).
....done a great job of reducing crime in the African American Community because more African Americans are at work today. Trump is not a Racist, he’s a Businessman. Because he’s a great businessman, he’s pushing for lives to be better.” Michael Brown, CEO, Hydromatic Tech
So now the Obama appointed judge on the Census case (Are you a Citizen of the United States?) won’t let the Justice DepaMore and more the Radical Left is using Commerce to hu....to your favorite President, me! These people are vicious and totally crazed, but remember, there are far more great people (“Deplorables”) in this country, than bad. Do to them what they do to you. Fight for Bernie Marcus and Home Depot!
A truly great, patriotic &amp, charitable man, Bernie Marcus, the co-founder of Home Depot who, at the age of 90, is coming under attack by the Radical Left Democrats with one of their often used weapons. They don’t want people to shop at those GREAT stores because he contributed....
....Why would Kentucky ever think of giving up the most powerful position in Congress, the Senate Majority Leader, for a freshman Senator with little power in what will hopefully be the minority paDemocrats are coming after our great Kentucky Senator, Mitch McConnell, with someone who compared my election to September 11th....
....healthcare (Obamacare) to stay in place, when it would have been replaced by something far better, shows how incredibly impoRecent “strained” decisions by the United States Supreme CouIndia has long had a field day putting Tariffs on American products. No longer acceptable!
Food Stamp pa“With President Trump at the helm, not only is America getting great again, but he’s going to make our estuaries, our rivers, our water - everything better - the things he is doing, and done, are just helping America tremendously.” Thank you to Bruce Hrobak @foxandfriends
Outrage is growing in the Great State of Minnesota where our Patriots are now having to fight for the right to say the Pledge of Allegiance. I will be fighting with you! @foxandfriends
“I agree with the President, the Supreme Cou....and they are both only getting bigger, better and stronger.....Thank you, Mr. President!
...handled. I told @theresa_may how to do that deal, but she went her own foolish way-was unable to get it done. A disaster! I don’t know the Ambassador but have been told he is a pompous fool. Tell him the USA now has the best Economy &amp, Military anywhere in the World, by far...
The wacky Ambassador that the U.K. foisted upon the United States is not someone we are thrilled with, a very stupid guy. He should speak to his country, and Prime Minister May, about their failed Brexit negotiation, and not be upset with my criticism of how badly it was...
Very good numbers on the economy. Much potential for growth. Trade deals being negotiated or being set up for negotiation. We have been treated very unfairly (to put it mildly) by other countries for many years, but that is changing!
Spoke to @GOPLeader Kevin McCa....thought of within the U.S. We will no longer deal with him. The good news for the wonderful United Kingdom is that they will soon have a new Prime Minister. While I thoroughly enjoyed the magnificent State Visit last month, it was the Queen who I was most impressed with!
I have been very critical about the way the U.K. and Prime Minister Theresa May handled Brexit. What a mess she and her representatives have created. I told her how it should be done, but she decided to go another way. I do not know the Ambassador, but he is not liked or well....
....their lowest rated show. Watch the @FoxNews weekend daytime anchors, who are terrible, go after her big time. That’s what they want - but it sure is not what the audience wants!
Impossible to believe that @FoxNews has hired @donnabrazile, the person fired by @CNN (after they tried to hide the bad facts, &amp, failed) for giving Crooked Hillary Clinton the questions to a debate, something unimaginable. Now she is all over Fox, including Shep Smith, by far....
...a “source” of information (ask the Times what they paid for the Boston Globe, &amp, what they sold it for (lost 1.5 Billion Dollars), or their old headqua.....Comcast (NBC/MSNBC) Trump haters, who do whatever Brian &amp, Steve tell them to do. Like CNN, NBC is also way down in the ratings. But @FoxNews, who failed in getting the very BORING Dem debates, is now loading up with Democrats &amp, even using Fake unsourced @nytimes as....
Watching @FoxNews weekend anchors is worse than watching low ratings Fake News @CNN, or Lyin’ Brian Williams (remember when he totally fabricated a War Story trying to make himself into a hero, &amp, got fired. A very dishonest journalist!) and the crew of degenerate......
We are building the Wall now, but the reason the badly needed Wall wasn’t approved in the Republican controlled House and Senate was that we had a very slim majority in the Senate, &amp, needed 9 Democrat votes. They were totally unwilling to give Wall votes to us, want Open Borders!
....brought up, not them) because the Dems won’t change the Loopholes and Asylum. Big Media Con Job!
....United States Citizens first. Border Patrol, and others in Law Enforcement, have been doing a great job. We said there was a Crisis - the Fake News &amp, the Dems said it was “manufactured.” Now all agree we were right, but they always knew that. They are crowded (which we.....
The Fake News Media, in paCongratulations to the U.S. Women’s Soccer Team on winning the World Cup! Great and exciting play. America is proud of you all!
Last year was the first in 51 years where prescription drug prices actually went down, but things have been, and are being, put in place that will drive them down substantially. If Dems would work with us in a bipaSleepy Joe Biden just admitted he worked with segregationists and separately, has already been very plain about the fact that he will be substantially raising everyone’s taxes if he becomes president. Ridiculously, all Democrats want to substantially raise taxes!
....As well as we are doing from the day after the great Election, when the Market shot right up, it could have been even better - massive additional wealth would have been created, &amp, used very well. Our most difficult problem is not our competitors, it is the Federal Reserve!
Weather looking good, clearing rapidly and temperatures going down fast. See you in 45 minutes, 6:30 to 7:00 P.M. at Lincoln Memorial!
Been fully briefed on eaLooks like a lot of people already heading to SALUTE TO AMERICA at Lincoln Memorial. It will be well woGreat news for the Republican Pa....and advanced aircraft anywhere in the World. Perhaps even Air Force One will do a low &amp, loud sprint over the crowd. That will staPeople are coming from far and wide to join us today and tonight for what is turning out to be one of the biggest celebrations in the history of our Country, SALUTE TO AMERICA, an all day event at the Lincoln Memorial, culminating with large scale flyovers of the most modern.....
....and advanced aircraft anywhere in the World. Perhaps even Aircraft One will do a low &amp, loud sprint over the crowd. That will staPeople are coming from far and wide to join us today and tonight for what is turning out to be one of the biggest celebrations in the history of our Country, SALUTE TO AMERICA, an all day event at the Lincoln Memorial, culminating with large scale flyovers of the most modern.....
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!
So impoToday’s Stock Market is the highest in the history of our great Country! This is the 104th time since the Election of 2016 that we have reached a NEW HIGH. Congratulations USA!
Iran has just issued a New Warning. Rouhani says that they will Enrich Uranium to “any amount we want” if there is no new Nuclear Deal. Be careful with the threats, Iran. They can come back to bite you like nobody has been bitten before!
Mexico is doing a far better job than the Democrats on the Border. Thank you Mexico!
If Illegal Immigrants are unhappy with the conditions in the quickly built or refitted detentions centers, just tell them not to come. All problems solved!
.....Now, if you really want to fix the Crisis at the Southern Border, both humanitarian and otherwise, tell migrants not to come into our country unless they are willing to do so legally, and hopefully through a system based on Merit. This way we have no problems at all!
.....came from, and in far safer conditions. No matter how good things actually look, even if perfect, the Democrat visitors will act shocked &amp, aghast at how terrible things are. Just Pols. If they really want to fix them, change the Immigration Laws and Loopholes. So easy to do!
Our Border Patrol people are not hospital workers, doctors or nurses. The Democrats bad Immigration Laws, which could be easily fixed, are the problem. Great job by Border Patrol, above and beyond. Many of these illegals aliens are living far better now than where they.....
The News RepoCongratulations to Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher, his wonderful wife Andrea, and his entire family. You have been through much together. Glad I could help!
The cost of our great Salute to America tomorrow will be very little compared to what it is woChina and Europe playing big currency manipulation game and pumping money into their system in order to compete with USA. We should MATCH, or continue being the dummies who sit back and politely watch as other countries continue to play their games - as they have for many years!
S&amp,P 500 hits new record high. Up 19% for the year. Congratulations!
We have the greatest economy anywhere in the world. We have the greatest military anywhere in the world. Not bad!
Our July 4th Salute to America at the Lincoln Memorial is looking to be really big. It will be the show of a lifetime!
Iran was violating the 150 Billion Dollar (plus 1.8 Billion Dollar in CASH) Nuclear Deal with the United States, and others who paid NOTHING, long before I became President - and they have now breached their stockpile limit. Not good!
....to do whatever is necessary to bring this most vital of questions, and this very impoA very sad time for America when the Supreme CouThanks @RobeMore great information from the @NatlParkService for Thursday’s Fou....Judy is a Founding Member of the board of directors of Empower America and has served on the board of directors of Hilton Hotels.
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Judy Shelton, Ph. D., U.S. Executive Dir, European Bank of Reconstruction &amp, Development to be on the board of the Federal Reserve....
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Judy Shelton, Ph. D., U.S. Executive Dir, European Bank of Reconstruction &amp, Development. Judy is a Founding Member of the board of directors of Empower America and has served on the board of directors of Hilton Hotels.
....Prior to his current position, Christopher served as a professor and Chair of Economics at Notre Dame.
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Christopher Waller, Ph. D., Executive VP and Director of Research, Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, Missouri, to be on the board of the Federal Reserve....
Thanks to “Phantom Fireworks” and “Fireworks by Grucci" for their generosity in donating the biggest fireworks show Washington D.C. has ever seen. CEO's Bruce Zoldan and Phil Grucci are helping to make this the greatest 4th of July celebration in our Nations history!
RobeBig 4th of July in D.C. “Salute to America.” The Pentagon &amp, our great Military Leaders are thrilled to be doing this &amp, showing to the American people, among other things, the strongest and most advanced Military anywhere in the World. Incredible Flyovers &amp, biggest ever Fireworks!
The Economy is the BEST IT HAS EVER BEEN! Even much of the Fake News is giving me credit for that!
As most people are aware, according to the Polls, I won EVERY debate, including the three with Crooked Hillary Clinton, despite the fact that in the first debate, they modulated the sound on me, and got caught. This crew looks somewhat easier than Crooked, but you never know?
Mark Levin has written a big number one bestselling book called, conspicuously and accurately, “Unfreedom of the Press.” It is a great book that tells it like it is, fake news and all. Keep this book number one!
...Texas will defend them &amp, indemnify them against political harassment by New York State and Governor Cuomo. So many people are leaving New York for Texas and Florida that it is totally under siege. First New York taxes you too high, then they sue you, just to complete the job
People are fleeing New York like never before. If they own a business, they are twice as likely to flee. And if they are a victim of harassment by the A.G. of the state, like what they are doing to our great NRA, which I think will move quickly to Texas, where they are loved.....
I will be interviewed by @TuckerCarlson tonight at 8:00pm on @FoxNews!
....In the meantime, our teams will be meeting to work on some solutions to very long term and persistent problems. No rush, but I am sure we will ultimately get there!
It was great being with Chairman Kim Jong Un of NoI am excited to announce that @MercedesSchlapp will soon be joining our Campaign. She feels so strongly about our Country &amp, its future. We are setting records in so many ways, &amp, we will keep it going. Mercedes has done a fantastic job within the Administration &amp, I am so thankful!
That’s right, The Trump Foundation gave away 100% plus, with Zero rent or expenses charged, and has been being sued by Cuomo and New York State for years - another pa....New York businesses in search of anything at all they can find to make me look as bad as possible. So, on top of ridiculously high taxes, my children and companies are spending a fo....more money than it had. Going on for years, originally brought by Crooked Hillary’s Campaign Chair, A.G. Eric Schneiderman, until forced to resign for abuse against women. They never even looked at the disgusting Clinton Foundation. Now Cuomo’s A.G. is harassing all of my....
It is very hard and expensive to live in New York. Governor Andrew Cuomo uses his Attorney General as a bludgeoning tool for his own purposes. They sue on everything, always in search of a crime. I even got sued on a Foundation which took Zero rent &amp, expenses &amp, gave away...
.....why President Trump has to deal with No“In my opinion the President has done more good on the Korean issue in the last year and a half than President Obama did in eight years. If you look at the strides they made during the Obama years, which advocated strategic patience-they stuck their head in the sand. This is.....
Congratulations to Prime Minister Abe of Japan for hosting such a fantastic and well run G-20. There wasn’t a thing that was missing or a mistake that was made. PERFECT! The people of Japan must be very proud of their Prime Minister.
Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for hosting the American Delegation and me immediately following the very successful G-20 in Japan. While there, it was great to call on Chairman Kim of NoCongratulations to legislators in New Jersey for not passing taxes that would have driven large numbers of high end taxpayers out of the state. Many were planning to leave, &amp, will now be staying. New York &amp, others should sta“Stocks Cap Best First Half Since 1997” @WSJ Our Country is doing great!
“Stocks Cap Best First Half Since 1997” @WallStreetJour Our Country is doing great!
“Stock had the Best First Half since 1997.” @WallStreetJour Our Country is doing great - the talk of the world!
So many amazing things happened over the last three days. All, or at least most of those things, are great for the United States. Much was accomplished!
Leaving South Korea after a wonderful meeting with Chairman Kim Jong Un. Stood on the soil of NoThe leaders of viThe highly respected Farm Journal has just announced my Approval Rating with our great Farmers at 74%, and that despite all of the Fake &amp, Corrupt News that they are forced to endure. Farmers have been unfairly treated for many years - and that is turning around FAST!
I am in South Korea now. President Moon and I have “toasted” our new Trade Deal, a far better one for us than that which it replaced. Today I will visit with, and speak to, our Troops - and also go to the the DMZ (long planned). My meeting with President Moon went very well!
....again with China as our relationship with them continues to be a very good one. The quality of the transaction is far more impo....amounts of agricultural product from our great Farmers. At the request of our High Tech companies, and President Xi, I agreed to allow Chinese company Huawei to buy product from them which will not impact our National Security. ImpoI had a great meeting with President Xi of China yesterday, far better than expected. I agreed not to increase the already existing Tariffs that we charge China while we continue to negotiate. China has agreed that, during the negotiation, they will begin purchasing large.....
I am in South Korea now. President Moon and I have “toasted” our new Trade Deal, a far better one for us than that which it replaced. Today I will visit with, and speak to, our Troops - and also go the the DMZ (long planned). My meeting with President Moon went very well!
.....again with China as our relationship with them continues to be a very good one. The quality of the transaction is far more impo....No Collusion, No Obstruction! Robe.....amounts of agricultural product from our great Farmers. At the request of our High Tech companies, and President Xi, I agreed to allow Chinese company Huawei to buy product from them which will not impact our National Security. ImpoI had a great meeting with President Xi of China yesterday, far better than expected. I agreed not to increase the already existing Tariffs that we charge China while we continue to negotiate. China has agreed that, during the negotiation, they will begin purchasing large......
After some very impo54% in Poll! I would be at 75% (with our great economy, maybe the best ever) if not for the Phony Witch Hunt and the Fake News Media!
I am in Japan at the G-20, representing our Country well, but I heard it was not a good day for Sleepy Joe or Crazy Bernie. One is exhausted, the other is nuts - so what’s the big deal?
The Stock Market went up massively from the day after I won the Election, all the way up to the day that I took office, because of the enthusiasm for the fact that I was going to be President. That big Stock Market increase must be credited to me. If Hillary won - a Big Crash!
All Democrats just raised their hands for giving millions of illegal aliens unlimited healthcare. How about taking care of American Citizens first!? That’s the end of that race!
.@NBCNews and @MSNBC should be ashamed of themselves for having such a horrible technical breakdown in the middle of the debate. Truly unprofessional and only woBORING!
....They came to me asking for help, and I got Criminal Justice Reform passed, with help from both Republicans and Democrats. Many said that nobody but President Trump could have done this. All previous administrations failed. Please ask why THEY failed to the candidates!
Ever since the passage of the Super Predator Crime Bill, pushed hard by @JoeBiden, together with Bill and Crooked Hillary Clinton, which inflicted great pain on many, but especially the African American Community, Democrats have tried and failed to pass Criminal Justice Reform...
For tonight’s #DemDebate, be sure to follow @TeamTrump, @TrumpWarRoom, @Parscale, @KayleighMcEnany, @TimMu....and all of the others who have leaked, lied and did so many other terrible things? How is it even possible that these people are not being brought forward? Because it is a Rigged Democrat Con Game, and the Fake and Corrupt Media loves every minute of it!
Why aren’t the Democrats in the House calling Comey, Brennan, Clapper, Page and her FBI lover (whose invaluable phone records were illegally deleted), Crooked Hillary, Podesta, Ohr (and Nellie), the GPS Fusion characters, Christopher Steele, the DNC (&amp, their missing server)....
The Republican Senate just passed bipaGerman DAX way up due to stimulus remarks from Mario Draghi. Very unfair to the United States!
According to Fake News (and low ratings) @CNN, “Democrats say hearings could change impeachment debate.” That’s because they have lost the impeachment debate (80% say NO), and they are hoping that yet another DO OVER, after 2 1/2 years and $40,000,000, will turn things around....
The Democrats would save many lives if they would change our broken and very DANGEROUS Immigration Laws. It can be done instantly!
Just depaThe Democrats should change the Loopholes and Asylum Laws so lives will be saved at our Southern Border. They said it was not a crisis at the Border, that it was all just “manufactured.” Now they admit that I was right - But they must do something about it. Fix the Laws NOW!
It was my great honor to speak at the Faith &amp, Freedom Coalition Conference today in Washington, D.C. Thank you! #Iran made a very big mistake!
....invited Megan or the team, but I am now inviting the TEAM, win or lose. Megan should never disrespect our Country, the White House, or our Flag, especially since so much has been done for her &amp, the team. Be proud of the Flag that you wear. The USA is doing GREAT!
....in our Country’s history, and the poveWomen’s soccer player, @mPinoe, just stated that she is “not going to the F...ing White House if we win.” Other than the NBA, which now refuses to call owners, owners (please explain that I just got Criminal Justice Reform passed, Black unemployment is at the lowest level...
....invited Megan or the team, but I am now inviting the TEAM, win or lose. Megan should never disrespect our Country, the White House, or our Flag, especially since so much has been done for her &amp, the team. Be proud of the Flag that you wear. The USA is doing GREAT!
....in our Country’s history, and the poveWomen’s soccer player, @meganrapino, just stated that she is “not going to the F...ing White House if we win.” Other than the NBA, which now refuses to call owners, owners (please explain that I just got Criminal Justice Reform passed, Black unemployment is at the lowest level...
Democrats want Open Borders, which equals violent crime, drugs and human trafficking. They also want very high taxes, like 90%. Republicans want what’s good for America - the exact opposite!
I will be interviewed by @MariaBaToo bad the Dems in Congress won’t do anything at all about Border Security. They want Open Borders, which means crime. But we are getting it done, including building the Wall! More people than ever before are coming because the USA Economy is so good, the best in history.
"Wow, @FoxNews did great in the ratings. CNN is dead as a door nail(no credibility), and MSNBC is dying fast. @foxandfriends and @MariaBaPresidential Harassment!
....MaA brave former fighter jet pilot and warrior, Senator Ma....Iran’s very ignorant and insulting statement, put out today, only shows that they do not understand reality. Any attack by Iran on anything American will be met with great and overwhelming force. In some areas, overwhelming will mean obliteration. No more John Kerry &amp, Obama!
....The wonderful Iranian people are suffering, and for no reason at all. Their leadership spends all of its money on Terror, and little on anything else. The U.S. has not forgotten Iran’s use of IED’s &amp, EFP’s (bombs), which killed 2000 Americans, and wounded many more...
Iran leadership doesn’t understand the words “nice” or “compassion,” they never have. Sadly, the thing they do understand is Strength and Power, and the USA is by far the most powerful Military Force in the world, with 1.5 Trillion Dollars invested over the last two years alone..
Stock Market is heading for one of the best months (June) in the history of our Country. Thank you Mr. President!
....Think of what it could have been if the Fed had gotten it right. Thousands of points higher on the Dow, and GDP in the 4’s or even 5’s. Now they stick, like a stubborn child, when we need rates cuts, &amp, easing, to make up for what other countries are doing against us. Blew it!
Despite a Federal Reserve that doesn’t know what it is doing - raised rates far too fast (very low inflation, other pa....Think of what it could have been if the Fed had gotten it right. Thousands of points higher on the Dow, and GDP in the 4’s or even 5’s. Now they stick, like a stubborn child, when we need rates cuts, &amp, easing, to make up for what other countries are doing against us. Blew it!
Despite a Federal Reserve that doesn’t know what it is doing - raised rates far to fast (very low inflation, other pa“ECB officials see Rate Cut as primary tool for any new stimulus.” @business
....a dangerous journey. We don’t even need to be there in that the U.S. has just become (by far) the largest producer of Energy anywhere in the world! The U.S. request for Iran is very simple - No Nuclear Weapons and No FuChina gets 91% of its Oil from the Straight, Japan 62%, &amp, many other countries likewise. So why are we protecting the shipping lanes for other countries (many years) for zero compensation. All of these countries should be protecting their own ships on what has always been....
Wonderful Church service at Camp David. Thank you!
At the request of Democrats, I have delayed the Illegal Immigration Removal Process (Depo....Sanctions come off Iran, and they become a productive and prosperous nation again - The sooner the better!
Iran cannot have Nuclear Weapons! Under the terrible Obama plan, they would have been on their way to Nuclear in a shoI am at Camp David working on many things, including Iran! We have a great Economy, Tariffs have been very helpful both with respect to the huge Dollars coming IN, &amp, on helping to make good Trade Deals. The Dow heading to BEST June in 80 years! Stock Market BEST June in 50 years!
Stock Market is on track to have the best June in over 50 years! Thank you Mr. President! @WSJ
Stock Market is on track to have the best June in over 50 years! Thank you Mr. President! @WallStreetJour
....propo....On Monday they shot down an unmanned drone flying in International Waters. We were cocked &amp, loaded to retaliate last night on 3 different sights when I asked, how many will die. 150 people, sir, was the answer from a General. 10 minutes before the strike I stopped it, not....
....Death to America. I terminated deal, which was not even ratified by Congress, and imposed strong sanctions. They are a much weakened nation today than at the beginning of my Presidency, when they were causing major problems throughout the Middle East. Now they are Bust!....
President Obama made a desperate and terrible deal with Iran - Gave them 150 Billion Dollars plus I.8 Billion Dollars in CASH! Iran was in big trouble and he bailed them out. Gave them a free path to Nuclear Weapons, and SOON. Instead of saying thank you, Iran yelled.....
....”This Russia Collusion Hoax was perpetrated in paJust revealed that the Failing and Desperate New York Times was feeding false stories about me, &amp, those associated with me, to the FBI. This shows the kind of unprecedented hatred I have been putting up with for years with this Crooked newspaper. Is what they have done legal?...
“The President has a really good story to tell. We have unemployment lower than we’ve seen in decades. We have people who stopped looking for work coming back into the labor force. We are in a record growth period.” Michael Steel @MSNBC (do you believe?)
S&amp,P opens at Record High!
Since Election Day 2016, Stocks up almost 50%, Stocks gained 9.2 Trillion Dollars in value, and more than 5,000,000 new jobs added to the Economy. @LouDobbs If our opponent had won, there would have been a market crash, plain and simple! @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle
Congratulations to President Lopez Obrador — Mexico voted to ratify the USMCA today by a huge margin. Time for Congress to do the same here!
Just returning from Orlando and Doral (Miami), Florida, and heading to the Oval Office, where I will present the great Economist, Dr. AI will be interviewed LIVE tonight by @seanhannity on @FoxNews 9 P.M. Enjoy!
....asking Hillary Clinton why she deleted and acid washed her Emails AFTER getting a subpoena from Congress? Anybody else would be in jail for that, yet the Dems refuse to even bring it up. Rigged House Committee
So sad that the Democrats are putting wonderful Hope Hicks through hell, for 3 years now, after total exoneration by RobeIf I didn’t have the Phony Witch Hunt going on for 3 years, and if the Fake News Media and their paDEMOCRAT CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS ARE #RIGGED!
Join me LIVE tonight in Orlando, Florida at 8:00 P.M. Eastern as we kickoff #Trump2020. Enjoy!
Depa....I thank Pat for his outstanding service and will be naming Secretary of the Army, Mark Esper, to be the new Acting Secretary of Defense. I know Mark, and have no doubt he will do a fantastic job!
Acting Secretary of Defense Patrick Shanahan, who has done a wonderful job, has decided not to go forward with his confirmation process so that he can devote more time to his family....
Had a very good telephone conversation with President Xi of China. We will be having an extended meeting next week at the G-20 in Japan. Our respective teams will begin talks prior to our meeting.
The Fake News doesn’t repoEuropean Markets rose on comments (unfair to U.S.) made today by Mario D!
Mario Draghi just announced more stimulus could come, which immediately dropped the Euro against the Dollar, making it unfairly easier for them to compete against the USA. They have been getting away with this for years, along with China and others.
Only a few people showed up for the so-called Impeachment rallies over the weekend. The numbers were anemic, no spirit, no hope. More impoWow! The State DepaThe story in the @nytimes about the U.S. escalating attacks on Russia’s power grid is Fake News, and the Failing New York Times knows it. They should immediately release their sources which, if they exist at all, which I doubt, are phony. Times must be held fully accountable!
Thousands of people are already lined up in Orlando, some two days before tomorrow nights big Rally. Large Screens and food trucks will be there for those that can’t get into the 25,000 capacity arena. It will be a very exciting evening! Make America Great Again!
....long before they get to our Southern Border. Guatemala is getting ready to sign a Safe-Third Agreement. The only ones who won’t do anything are the Democrats in Congress. They must vote to get rid of the loopholes, and fix asylum! If so, Border Crisis will end quickly!
Next week ICE will begin the process of removing the millions of illegal aliens who have illicitly found their way into the United States. They will be removed as fast as they come in. Mexico, using their strong immigration laws, is doing a very good job of stopping people.......
.@FoxNews Polls are always bad for me. They were against Crooked Hillary also. Something weird going on at Fox. Our polls show us leading in all 17 Swing States. For the record, I didn’t spend 30 hours with @abcnews, but rather a tiny fraction of that. More Fake News @BretBaier
One size doesn’t fit all - I suppo“Iran to defy Uranium Stockpile Limits”
Only Fake Polls show us behind the Motley Crew. We are looking really good, but it is far too early to be focused on that. Much work to do! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Big Rally tomorrow night in Orlando, Florida, looks to be setting records. We are building large movie screens outside to take care of everybody. Over 100,000 requests. Our Country is doing great, far beyond what the haters &amp, losers thought possible - and it will only get better!
Congratulations to Gary Woodland in winning the United States Open Golf Championship. Fantastic playing, great heaRep. Alexandria Ocasio-CoAlmost 70% in new Poll say don’t impeach. So ridiculous to even be talking about this subject when all of the crimes were committed by the other side. They can’t win the election fairly!
......If Republicans ever did that to the Democrats, there would be all hell to pay. It would be a scandal like no other!
Happy Father’s Day to all, including my worst and most vicious critics, of which there are fewer and fewer. This is a FANTASTIC time to be an American! KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
.....news is that at the end of 6 years, after America has been made GREAT again and I leave the beautiful White House (do you think the people would demand that I stay longer? KEEP AMERICA GREAT), both of these horrible papers will quickly go out of business &amp, be forever gone!
A poll should be done on which is the more dishonest and deceitful newspaper, the Failing New York Times or the Amazon (lobbyist) Washington Post! They are both a disgrace to our Country, the Enemy of the People, but I just can’t seem to figure out which is worse? The good.....
.....saying enough. Democrat voters want to hear the politicians talking about issues. This is a huge distraction and will only help Donald Trump get elected.” @JedediahBila “Greatest President since Ronald Reagan” said a counter-protester. LehighValleyLive
Yesterday was the Radical Left Democrats big Impeachment day. They worked so hard to make it something really big and special but had one problem - almost nobody showed up. “The Media admits low turnout for anti-Trump rallies.” @FoxNews “All around the Country people are.......
Congratulations to great guy Pete Hegseth and wonderful Jenny Cunningham on their engagement. They will have a fantastic life together! @foxandfriends
....More and more states want to do this but their governors and leaders don’t have the courage to do so. The politics will soon mandate, however, because people from California, &amp, all over the land, are demanding that Sanctuary Cities be GONE. No illegals, Drugs or Trafficking!
Florida Governor Ron DeSantis just signed Bill banning Sanctuary Cities in State, &amp, forcing all law enforcement agencies to cooperate with Federal Immigration authorities. Bill prohibits local Gov’t from enacting Sanctuary policies that protect undocumented immigrants...@FoxNews
.....ALSO, NOT TRUE! Anything goes with our Corrupt News Media today. They will do, or say, whatever it takes, with not even the slightest thought of consequence! These are true cowards and without doubt, THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Do you believe that the Failing New York Times just did a story stating that the United States is substantially increasing Cyber Attacks on Russia. This is a vi.....the first 2 1/2 years of his Presidency, including the fact that we have one of the best Economies in the history of our Country. It is called Earned Media. In any event, enjoy the show!
....misleading in that I personally spent only a small fraction of that time doing interviews. I do have a few other things to do, you know!). Think I will do many more Network Interviews, as I did in 2016, in order to get the word out that no President has done what I have in...
I enjoyed my interview with @GStephanopoulos on @ABC. So funny to watch the Fake News Media try to dissect &amp, disto.....the first 2 1/2 years of his Presidency, including the fact that we have one of the best Economies in the history of our Country. It is called Earned Media. In any event, enjoy the show!
....misleading in that I personally spent only a small fraction of that time doing interviews. I do have a few other things to do, you know!). Think I will do many more Network Interviews, as I did in 2016, in order to get the word out that no President has done what I have in...
The Corrupt News Media is totally out of control - they have given up and don’t even care anymore. Mainstream Media has ZERO CREDIBILITY - TOTAL LOSERS!
The Trump Economy is setting records, and has a long way up to go....However, if anyone but me takes over in 2020 (I know the competition very well), there will be a Market Crash the likes of which has not been seen before! KEEP AMERICA GREAT
“President Trump to launch 2020 Campaign in Florida!” @foxandfriends Tuesday will be a Big Crowd and Big Day!
All in for Senator Steve Daines as he proposes an Amendment for a strong BAN on burning our American Flag. A no brainer!
Despite the Greatest Presidential Harassment of all time by people that are very dishonest and want to destroy our Country, we are doing great in the Polls, even better than in 2016, and will be packed at the Tuesday Announcement Rally in Orlando, Florida. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
....at which time the Tariffs will be removed. Details from the White House to follow.
“With over a 50% Approval Rating at this point in his Presidency, analysts believe re-election in 2020 looks (very) promising!” @OANN Hey, we have accomplished more than any President in the first 2 1/2 years, WHY NOT?
“The latest Polls find 51% of Americans approve of President Trump’s Job Performance. Last month a Democrat Pollster said President Trump’s approval rating has been the most steady of any President in history!” @OANN
"....While Pennsylvania is BOOMING, I don’t want there to be even a little glitch in Coatesville – every job counts. I want Lockhead to BOOM along with it!
The Radical Left Dems are working hard, but THE PEOPLE are much smaHAPPY BII will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy! @FoxNews
Natalie Harp, fighting Stage 2 Cancer and doing really well, was a GREAT guest on @foxandfriends. Right To Try is producing some truly spectacular results. Proud of Natalie!
....She is a very special person with extraordinary talents, who has done an incredible job! I hope she decides to run for Governor of Arkansas - she would be fantastic. Sarah, thank you for a job well done!
After 3 1/2 years, our wonderful Sarah Huckabee Sanders will be leaving the White House at the end of the month and going home to the Great State of Arkansas....
While I very much appreciate P.M. Abe going to Iran to meet with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal. They are not ready, and neither are we!
While I very much appreciate P.M. Abe going to Iran to meet with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal. They are not ready, and neither are we!
....and other really bad people, SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN! They even had an “insurance policy” just in case Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats lost their race for the Presidency! This is the biggest &amp, worst political scandal in the history of the United States of America. Sad!
....which he is a member. When @RepAdamSchiff took calls from another person, also very successfully purpoWhen Senator @MarkWarnerVA spoke at length, and in great detail, about extremely negative information on me, with a talented ente....call the FBI about these calls and meetings? How ridiculous! I would never be trusted again. With that being said, my full answer is rarely played by the Fake News Media. They purposely leave out the paI meet and talk to “foreign governments” every day. I just met with the Queen of England (U.K.), the Prince of Wales, the P.M. of the United Kingdom, the P.M. of Ireland, the President of France and the President of Poland. We talked about “Everything!” Should I immediately....
.....call the FBI about these calls and meetings? How ridiculous! I would never be trusted again. With that being said, my full answer is rarely played by the Fake News Media. They purposely leave out the paI meet and talk to “foreign governments” every day. I just met with the Queen of England (U.K.), the Prince of Whales, the P.M. of the United Kingdom, the P.M. of Ireland, the President of France and the President of Poland. We talked about “Everything!” Should I immediately.....
The Dems fight us at every turn - in the meantime they are accomplishing nothing for the people! They have gone absolutely “Loco,” or Unhinged, as they like to say!
....is not Constitutionally Permissable.” Alan Dershowitz, Constitutional Lawyer
“Congress cannot Impeach President Trump (did nothing wrong) because if they did they would be putting themselves above the law. The Constitution provides criteria for Impeachment - treason, bribery, high crimes &amp, misdemeanors. Unless there is compelling evidence, Impeachment...
....can to embarrass the Trump Administration (and Republicans), attack the Trump Administration. This is campaigning by the Dems.” Attorney David Bruno. So true! In the meantime they are getting NO work done on Drug Pricing, Infrastructure &amp, many other things.
.....much tougher game than the Republicans did when they had the House Majority. Republicans will remember! “This has already been argued before the U.S. Supreme CouUnrelated to Russia, Russia, Russia (although the Radical Left doesn’t use the name Russia anymore since the issuance of the Mueller RepoGeneral Michael Flynn, the 33 year war hero who has served with distinction, has not retained a good lawyer, he has retained a GREAT LAWYER, Sidney Powell. Best Wishes and Good Luck to them both!
“Why did the Democrats run if they didn’t want to do things?” @SenRickScott
“It’s about peace and Prosperity, that’s how Republican Presidents get elected, and this President has delivered on the Economy and he’s delivered on keeping America Stronger &amp, Safer. Our biggest enemy is not any one of these Democrats, it’s the Media.” John McLaughlin, pollster
“Biden would be China’s Dream Candidate, because there would be no more Tariffs, no more demands that China stop stealing our IP, things would go back to the old days with America’s manufacturers &amp, workers getting shafted. He has Zero Credibility!” @IngrahamAngle So true!
“It’s about peace and Properity, that’s how Republican Presidents get elected, and this President has delivered on the Economy and he’s delivered on keeping America Stronger and Safer. Our biggest enemy is not any one of these Democrats, it’s the Media.” John McLaughlin, pollster
“Biden would be America’s Dream Candidate, because there would be no more Tariffs, no more demands that China stop stealing our IP, things would go back to the old days with America’s manufacturers &amp, workers getting shafted. He has Zero Credibility!” @IngrahamAngle So true!
.....The Fake (Corrupt) News Media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which, by the way and despite the phony and never ending Witch Hunt, are the best numbers WE have ever had. They repoThe Fake News has never been more dishonest than it is today. Thank goodness we can fight back on Social Media. Their new weapon of choice is Fake Polling, sometimes referred to as Suppression Polls (they suppress the numbers). Had it in 2016, but this is worse.....
Wow! Just got word that our June 18th, Tuesday, ANNOUNCEMENT in Orlando, Florida, already has 74,000 requests for a 20,000 seat Arena. With all of the big events that we have done, this ticket looks to be the “hottest” of them all. See you in Florida!
.....The Fake (Corrupt) News Media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which, by the way and despite the phony and never ending Witch Hunt, are the best numbers WE have ever had. They repoThe Fake News has never been more dishonest than it is today. Thank goodness we can fight back on Social Media. There new weapon of choice is Fake Polling, sometimes referred to as Suppression Polls (they suppress the numbers). Had it in 2016, but this is worse.........
Wow! Just got word that our June 18th, Tuesday, ANNOUNCEMENT in Orlando, Florida, already has 74,000 requests for a 20,000 seat Arena. With all of the big events that we have done, this tickets looks to be the “hottest” of them all. See you in Florida!
On my way to Iowa - just heard nearly 1,000 agriculture groups signed a letter urging Congress to approve the USMCA. Our Patriot Farmers &amp, rural America have spoken! Now Congress must do its job &amp, suppoGood day in the Stock Market. People have no idea the tremendous potential our Country has for GROWTH - and many other things!
....If Mexico produces (which I think they will). Biggest pa...Companies to come to the U.S.A and to get companies that have left us for other lands to come back home. We stupidly lost 30% of our auto business to Mexico. If the Tariffs went on at the higher level, they would all come back, and pass. But very happy with the deal I made,...
The United States has VERY LOW INFLATION, a beautiful thing!
Sad when you think about it, but Mexico right now is doing more for the United States at the Border than the Democrats in Congress! @foxandfriends
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
....investigation in the Senate. They can talk to John Dean until the cows come home, we’re not doing anything in the Senate regarding the Mueller Repo“Mueller has spoken. He found No Collusion between the Trump Campaign and the Russians. The bottom line is what the Democrat House is doing is trying to destroy the Trump Presidency (which has been a tremendous success), and I can assure you that we’re done with the Mueller......
“Jerry Nadler’s Trump Bashing Show Is A Bust.” Headline, New York Post. @foxandfriends The Greatest Witch Hunt of all time continues. All crimes were by the other side, but the Committee refuses to even take a look. Deleting 33,000 Emails is the real Obstruction - and much more!
I have been briefed on the helicopter crash in New York City. Phenomenal job by our GREAT First Responders who are currently on the scene. THANK YOU for all you do 24/7/365! The Trump Administration stands ready should you need anything at all.
Can’t believe they are bringing in John Dean, the disgraced Nixon White House Counsel who is a paid CNN contributor. No Collusion - No Obstruction! Democrats just want a do-over which they’ll never get!
When will the Failing New York Times admit that their front page story on the the new Mexico deal at the Border is a FRAUD and nothing more than a badly repo....We do not anticipate a problem with the vote but, if for any reason the approval is not foWe have fully signed and documented another very impoNow with our new deal, Mexico is doing more for the USA on Illegal Immigration than the Democrats. In fact, the Democrats are doing NOTHING, they want Open Borders,which means Illigal Immigration, Drugs and Crime.
"The Failing @nytimes story on Mexico and Illegal Immigration through our Southern Border has now been proven shockingly false and untrue, bad repo....No Obstruction. The Dems were devastated - after all this time and money spent ($40,000,000), the Mueller RepoFor two years all the Democrats talked about was the Mueller RepoIf President Obama made the deals that I have made, both at the Border and for the Economy, the Corrupt Media would be hailing them as Incredible, &amp, a National Holiday would be immediately declared. With me, despite our record setting Economy and all that I have done, no credit!
Twitter should let the banned Conservative Voices back onto their platform, without restriction. It’s called Freedom of Speech, remember. You are making a Giant Mistake!
.....there is not, we can always go back to our previous, very profitable, position of Tariffs - But I don’t believe that will be necessary. The Failing @nytimes, &amp, ratings challenged @CNN, will do anything possible to see our Country fail! They are truly The Enemy of the People!
.....not mentioned in yesterday press release, one in pa.....Mexico was not being cooperative on the Border in things we had, or didn’t have, and now I have full confidence, especially after speaking to their President yesterday, that they will be very cooperative and want to get the job properly done. ImpoAnother false repoI know it is not at all “Presidential” to hit back at the Corrupt Media, or people who work for the Corrupt Media, when they make false statements about me or the Trump Administration. Problem is, if you don’t hit back, people believe the Fake News is true. So we’ll hit back!
....other than to know he was, and is, a total Loser. When he makes statements about me, they are made up, he knows nothing!
Little @DonnyDeutsch, whose show, like his previous shoebiz tries, is a disaster, has been saying that I had been a friend of his. This is false. He, &amp, separately @ErinBurnett, used to BEG me to be on episodes of the Apprentice (both were bad), but that was it. Hardly knew him,..
Just watched the Great @Rick24Barry, Basketball Hall of Famer, on the @marklevinshow @FoxNews. A wonderful interview of a very smaJust watched the Great @RickBarry44, Backetball Hall of Famer, on the @marklevinshow @FoxNews. A wonderful interview of a very smaWatched MSNBC this morning just to see what the opposition was saying about events of the past week. Such lies, almost everything they were saying was the opposite of the truth. Fake News! No wonder their ratings, along with CNN, are WAY DOWN. The hatred Comcast has is amazing!
I would like to thank the President of Mexico, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, and his foreign minister, Marcelo Ebrard, together with all of the many representatives of both the United States and Mexico, for working so long and hard to get our agreement on immigration completed!
Everyone very excited about the new deal with Mexico!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi &amp, the Democrat House are getting nothing done. Perhaps they could lead the way with the USMCA, the spectacular &amp, very popular new Trade Deal that replaces NAFTA, the worst Trade Deal in the history of the U.S.A. Great for our Farmers, Manufacturers &amp, Unions!
MEXICO HAS AGREED TO IMMEDIATELY BEGIN BUYING LARGE QUANTITIES OF AGRICULTURAL PRODUCT FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS!
Mexico will try very hard, and if they do that, this will be a very successful agreement for both the United States and Mexico!
Brandon Judd, National Border Patrol Council: “That’s going to be a huge deal because Mexico will be using their strong Immigration Laws - A game changer. People no longer will be released into the U.S.” Also, 6000 Mexican Troops at their Southern Border. Currently there are few!
While the reviews and repo....stem the tide of Migration through Mexico, and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce, or eliminate, Illegal Immigration coming from Mexico and into the United States. Details of the agreement will be released shoI am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs scheduled to be implemented by the U.S. on Monday, against Mexico, are hereby indefinitely suspended. Mexico, in turn, has agreed to take strong measures to....
....stem the tide of Migration through Mexico, and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce, or eliminate, Illegal Immigration coming from Mexico and into the United States. Details of the agreement will be released shoI am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs scheduled to be implemented by the U.S. on Monday, against Mexico, are hereby indefinitely suspended. Mexico, in turn, has agreed to take strong measures to......
Dow Jones has best week of the year!
Heading back to D.C. Many great things are happening for our Country!
For all of the money we are spending, NASA should NOT be talking about going to the Moon - We did that 50 years ago. They should be focused on the much bigger things we are doing, including Mars (of which the Moon is a paDemocrats are incapable of doing a good and solid Immigration Bill!
If we are able to make the deal with Mexico, &amp, there is a good chance that we will, they will begin purchasing Farm &amp, Agricultural products at very high levels, sta...and have no intention of doing anything other than going on a fishing expedition to see if they can find anything on me - both illegal &amp, unprecedented in U.S. history. There was no Collusion - Investigate the Investigators! Go to work on Drug Price Reductions &amp, Infrastructure!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is a disgrace to herself and her family for having made such a disgusting statement, especially since I was with foreign leaders overseas. There is no evidence for such a thing to have been said. Nervous Nancy &amp, Dems are getting Zero work done in Congress....
....and have no intention of doing anything other going on a fishing expedition to see if they can find anything on me - both illegal &amp, unprecedented in U.S. history. There was no Collusion - Investigate the Investigators! Go to work on Drug Price Reductions &amp, Infrastructure!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is a disgrace to herself and her family for having made such a disgusting statement, especially since I was with foreign leaders overseas. There is no evidence for such a thing to have been said. Nervous Nancy &amp, Dems are getting Zero work done in Congress,...
China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China for other countries, including the United States, in order to avoid paying the Tariffs. No visible increase in costs or inflation, but U.S. is taking in Billions!
So sorry to hear about the terrible accident involving our GREAT West Point Cadets. We mourn the loss of life and pray for the injured. God Bless them ALL!
A big and beautiful day today!
“The President has received glowing reviews from the British Media. Here at home, not so much. MSNBC Ramps up hateful coverage and promotes conspiracy theories during Trump’s trip to Europe.” @seanhannity The good news is that @maddow is dying in the ratings, along with @CNN!
....talks with Mexico will resume tomorrow with the understanding that, if no agreement is reached, Tariffs at the 5% level will begin on Monday, with monthly increases as per schedule. The higher the Tariffs go, the higher the number of companies that will move back to the USA!
“House Republicans suppoIf the totally Corrupt Media was less corrupt, I would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy, maybe Best Ever! If the Corrupt Media was actually fair, I would be up by 25 points. NeveHouse Democrats, fresh off a Republican victory against them (in Federal CouCould not have been treated more warmly in the United Kingdom by the Royal Family or the people. Our relationship has never been better, and I see a very big Trade Deal down the road. “This trip has been an incredible success for the President.” @IngrahamAngle
.@FLOTUS Melania and I send our deepest condolences to President Reuven Rivlin and the entire State of Israel upon the passing of Mrs. Nechama Rivlin. Mrs. Rivlin represented her beloved country with grace and stature. We will miss her along with all those who knew her.
If the totally Corrupt Media was less corrupt, I would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy, maybe Best Ever! If the Corrup Media was actually fair, I would be up by 25 points. NeveI kept hearing that there would be “massive” rallies against me in the UK, but it was quite the opposite. The big crowds, which the Corrupt Media hates to show, were those that gathered in suppoPlagiarism charge against Sleepy Joe Biden on his ridiculous Climate Change Plan is a big problem, but the Corrupt Media will save him. His other problem is that he is drawing flies, not people, to his Rallies. Nobody is showing up, I mean nobody. You can’t win without people!
Washed up psycho @BetteMidler was forced to apologize for a statement she attributed to me that turned out to be totally fabricated by her in order to make “your great president” look really bad. She got caught, just like the Fake News Media gets caught. A sick scammer!
Can you imagine Cryin’ Chuck Schumer saying out loud, for all to hear, that I am bluffing with respect to putting Tariffs on Mexico. What a Creep. He would rather have our Country fail with drugs &amp, Immigration than give Republicans a win. But he gave Mexico bad advice, no bluff!
House just passed the 19.1 Billion Dollar Disaster Aid Bill. Great, now we will get it done in the Senate! Farmers, Pue"As a sign of good faith, Mexico should immediately stop the flow of people and drugs through their country and to our Southern Border. They can do it if they want!
Russia has informed us that they have removed most of their people from Venezuela.
....Fake News will be working hard to find them. Great love all around. Also, big Trade Deal is possible once U.K. gets rid of the shackles. Already staLondon paI believe that if people stoped using or subscribing to @ATT, they would be forced to make big changes at @CNN, which is dying in the ratings anyway. It is so unfair with such bad, Fake News! Why wouldn’t they act. When the World watches @CNN, it gets a false picture of USA. Sad!
Just arrived in the United Kingdom. The only problem is that @CNN is the primary source of news available from the U.S. After watching it for a shoChina is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China for other countries, including the United States, in order to avoid paying the Tariffs. No visible increase in costs or inflation, but U.S. is taking Billions!
....Kahn reminds me very much of our very dumb and incompetent Mayor of NYC, de Blasio, who has also done a terrible job - only half his height. In any event, I look forward to being a great friend to the United Kingdom, and am looking very much forward to my visit. Landing now!
I will be watching @AlanDersh on @IngrahamAngle at 10:00 P.M. He speaks the truth!
.@SadiqKhan, who by all accounts has done a terrible job as Mayor of London, has been foolishly “nasty” to the visiting President of the United States, by far the most impoBIG NEWS! As I promised two weeks ago, the first shipment of LNG has just left the Cameron LNG ExpoKevin Hassett, who has done such a great job for me and the Administration, will be leaving shoHearing word that Russia, Syria and, to a lesser extent, Iran, are bombing the hell out of Idlib Province in Syria, and indiscriminately killing many innocent civilians. The World is watching this butchery. What is the purpose, what will it get you? STOP!
Democrats can’t impeach a Republican President for crimes committed by Democrats. The facts are “pouring” in. The Greatest Witch Hunt in American History! Congress, go back to work and help us at the Border, with Drug Prices and on Infrastructure.
Mexico is sending a big delegation to talk about the Border. Problem is, they’ve been “talking” for 25 years. We want action, not talk. They could solve the Border Crisis in one day if they so desired. Otherwise, our companies and jobs are coming back to the USA!
Peggy Noonan, the simplistic writer for Trump Haters all, is stuck in the past glory of Reagan and has no idea what is happening with the Radical Left Democrats, or how vicious and desperate they are. Mueller had to correct his ridiculous statement, Peggy never understood it!
I never called Meghan Markle “nasty.” Made up by the Fake News Media, and they got caught cold! Will @CNN, @nytimes and others apologize? Doubt it!
NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION, NO NOTHING! “What the Democrats are trying to do is the biggest sin in the impeachment business.” David Rivkin, Constitutional Scholar. Meantime, the Dems are getting nothing done in Congress. They are frozen stiff. Get back to work, much to do!
The Wall is under construction and moving along quickly, despite all of the Radical Liberal Democrat lawsuits. What are they thinking as our Country is invaded by so many people (illegals) and things (Drugs) that we do not want. Make America Great Again!
....Coyotes and Illegal Immigrants, which they can do very easily, or our many companies and jobs that have been foolishly allowed to move South of the Border, will be brought back into the United States through taxation (Tariffs). America has had enough!
People have been saying for years that we should talk to Mexico. The problem is that Mexico is an “abuser” of the United States, taking but never giving. It has been this way for decades. Either they stop the invasion of our Country by Drug Dealers, CaThe Democrats are doing nothing on the Border to address the Humanitarian and National Security Crisis! Could be fixed so easily if they would vote with Republicans to fix the loopholes.
When you are the “Piggy Bank” Nation that foreign countries have been robbing and deceiving for years, the word TARIFF is a beautiful word indeed! Others must treat the United States fairly and with respect - We are no longer the “fools” of the past!
...travesty that is taking place in allowing millions of people to easily meander through their country and INVADE the U.S., not to mention the Drugs &amp, Human Trafficking pouring in through Mexico. Are the Drug Lords, Ca....U.S. in order to avoid paying the 25% Tariff. Like Mexican companies will move back to the United States once the Tariff reaches the higher levels. They took many of our companies &amp, jobs, the foolish Pols let it happen, and now they will come back unless Mexico stops the.....
Washington Post got it wrong, as usual. The U.S. is charging 25% against 250 Billion Dollars of goods shipped from China, not 200 BD. Also, China is paying a heavy cost in that they will subsidize goods to keep them coming, devalue their currency, yet companies are moving to.....
The United States stands ready to work with @NayibBukele to advance prosperity in El Salvador and the hemisphere. Congratulations President Bukele on your inauguration!
....on the basis of their sexual orientation. My Administration has launched a global campaign to decriminalize homosexuality and invite all nations to join us in this effoAs we celebrate LGBT Pride Month and recognize the outstanding contributions LGBT people have made to our great Nation, let us also stand in solidarity with the many LGBT people who live in dozens of countries worldwide that punish, imprison, or even execute individuals....
.@SeanHannity is having a DEEP STATE SHOW tonight on Fox News at 9:00 PM (E), exposing the tremendous abuse of power that has been uncovered. Tremendous guests, a must see – Enjoy!
Saddened to hear about the loss of John Pinto, a Navajo Code Talker in World War II, over the Memorial Day Weekend. The Code Talkers are true American HEROES and John never stopped serving his fellow citizens as a longtime New Mexico State Senator. John, Rest In Peace!
90% of the Drugs coming into the United States come through Mexico &amp, our Southern Border. 80,000 people died last year, 1,000,000 people ruined. This has gone on for many years &amp, nothing has been done about it. We have a 100 Billion Dollar Trade Deficit with Mexico. It’s time!
In order not to pay Tariffs, if they staMexico has taken advantage of the United States for decades. Because of the Dems, our Immigration Laws are BAD. Mexico makes a FOHard to believe that with the Crisis on the Border, the Dems won’t do the quick and easy fix. Would solve the problem but they want Open Borders, which equals crime!
Sean Davis, The Federalist: “Mueller proved his entire operation was a political hit job. Still ZERO evidence of Trump-Russia Collusion, and no new evidence from Mueller.” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
On June 10th, the United States will impose a 5% Tariff on all goods coming into our Country from Mexico, until such time as illegal migrants coming through Mexico, and into our Country, STOP. The Tariff will gradually increase until the Illegal Immigration problem is remedied,..
The Navy put out a disclaimer on the McCain story. Looks like the story was an exaggeration, or even Fake News - but why not, everything else is!
Just arrived in Colorado. Getting ready to deliver the commencement speech at the Air Force Academy graduation. Very exciting - probably will be broadcast live on TV. They want good ratings!
Very sad to hear the news on the passing of my friend, Senator Thad Cochran. He was a real Senator with incredible values - even flew back to Senate from Mississippi for impoRobe“Comey and Brennan are turning on each other.” @kilmeade
Congressman John Ratcliffe, “The Trump Campaign clearly did not conspire or collude.” @FoxNews
....say he fought back against this phony crime that didn’t exist, this horrendous false accusation, and he shouldn’t fight back, he should just sit back and take it. Could this be Obstruction? No, Mueller didn’t find Obstruction either. Presidential Harassment!
Russia, Russia, Russia! That’s all you heard at the beginning of this Witch Hunt Hoax...And now Russia has disappeared because I had nothing to do with Russia helping me to get elected. It was a crime that didn’t exist. So now the Dems and their pa....say he fought back against this phony crime that didn’t exist, this horrendous false acquisition, and he shouldn’t fight back, he should just sit back and take it. Could this be Obstruction? No, Mueller didn’t find Obstruction either. Presidential Harassment!
Russia, Russia, Russia! That’s all you heard at the beginning of this Witch Hunt Hoax...And now Russia has disappeared because I had nothing to do with Russia helping me to get elected. It was a crime that didn’t exist. So now the Dems and their paThe Greatest Presidential Harassment in history. After spending $40,000,000 over two dark years, with unlimited access, people, resources and cooperation, highly conflicted RobeI was not informed about anything having to do with the Navy Ship USS John S. McCain during my recent visit to Japan. NeveGreat show tonight @seanhannity, you really get it (9:00 P.M. @FoxNews), that’s why you’re Number One (by far)! Also, please tell Mark Levin congrats on having the Number One book!
How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? WITCH-HUNT!
Nothing changes from the Mueller Repo...If Alabama does not elect a Republican to the Senate in 2020, many of the incredible gains that we have made during my Presidency may be lost, including our Pro-Life victories. Roy Moore cannot win, and the consequences will be devastating....Judges and Supreme CouRepublicans cannot allow themselves to again lose the Senate seat in the Great State of Alabama. This time it will be for Six Years, not just Two. I have NOTHING against Roy Moore, and unlike many other Republican leaders, wanted him to win. But he didn’t, and probably won’t.....
Back from Japan after a very successful trip. Big progress on MANY fronts. A great country with a wonderful leader in Prime Minister Abe!
I was actually sticking up for Sleepy Joe Biden while on foreign soil. Kim Jong Un called him a “low IQ idiot,” and many other things, whereas I related the quote of Chairman Kim as a much softer “low IQ individual.” Who could possibly be upset with that?
Just spoke to Governor @AsaHutchinson of the Great State of Arkansas to inform him that FEMA and the Federal Government will do whatever is necessary to help out with what has turned out to be Record Flooding. Asa and local officials are doing a great job!
I will be making two stops this morning in Japan to visit with our Great Military, then a quick stop in Alaska and back to D.C. Meetings with Prime Minister Abe went very well, and getting to spend time with the new Emperor and Empress of Japan was a great honor!
Anyone associated with the 1994 Crime Bill will not have a chance of being elected. In pa....Super Predator was the term associated with the 1994 Crime Bill that Sleepy Joe Biden was so heavily involved in passing. That was a dark period in American History, but has Sleepy Joe apologized? No!
Anyone associated with the 1994 Crime Bill will not have a chance of being elected. In paHoping things will work out with Israel's coalition formation and Bibi and I can continue to make the alliance between America and Israel stronger than ever. A lot more to do!
The Dems are getting NOTHING done in Congress! They only want a Do-Over on Mueller!
Congratulations to the Great (and my friend) Roger Penske on winning his 18th (UNBELIEVABLE!) Indianapolis 500. I am in Japan, very early in the morning, but I got to watch Simon drive one of the greatest races in the history of the spoThe Great Patriots of Rolling Thunder WILL be coming back to Washington, D.C. next year, &amp, hopefully for many years to come. It is where they want to be, &amp, where they should be. Have a wonderful time today. Thank you to our great men &amp, women of the Pentagon for working it out!
“Why doesn’t the press apologize to President Trump for the Russian Collusion Delusion?” @marklevinshow @JudgeJeanine How about the Dems also?
Great progress being made in our Trade Negotiations with Japan. Agriculture and beef heavily in play. Much will wait until after their July elections where I anticipate big numbers!
NoGoing to play golf right now with @AbeShinzo. Japan loves the game. Tremendous fans of @JackNicklaus, @TigerWoods, and @PhilMickelson — I said what about @GaryPlayer, they said we love Gary too!
NoIn addition to great incompetence and corruption, The Smollett case in Chicago is also about a Hate Crime. Remember, “MAGA COUNTRY DID IT!” That turned out to be a total lie, had nothing to do with “MAGA COUNTRY.” Serious stuff, and not even an apology to millions of people!
Another activist Obama appointed judge has just ruled against us on a section of the Southern Wall that is already under construction. This is a ruling against Border Security and in favor of crime, drugs and human trafficking. We are asking for an expedited appeal!
Getting ready to land in Japan with First Lady Melania. We look forward to seeing everyone soon!🇺🇸🇯🇵
Can’t believe that Rolling Thunder would be given a hard time with permits in Washington, D.C. They are great Patriots who I have gotten to know and see in action. They love our Country and love our Flag. If I can help, I will!
DepaI am on Air Force one with the First Lady heading to Japan and looking forward to honoring, on behalf of the United States, His Majesty, the Emperor of Japan. I will also be discussing Trade and Military with my friend, Prime Minister @AbeShinzo.
Just spoke to Prime Minister @NarendraModi where I congratulated him on his big political victory. He is a great man and leader for the people of India - they are lucky to have him!
Congratulations to Tom Cotton - his book, “Sacred Duty: A Solider’s Tour at Arlington National Cemetery” just hit the best sellers list. I was at @ArlingtonNatl yesterday &amp, the people there were so grateful for Tom’s inspiring poI don’t know why the Radical Left Democrats want Bob Mueller to testify when he just issued a 40 Million Dollar Repo“If they try to Impeach President Trump, who has done nothing wrong (No Collusion), they will end up getting him re-elected” @LindseyGrahamSC Impeachment is for High Crimes and Misdemeanors. There were no High Crimes and Misdemeanors, except for those committed by the other side!
“Intelligence Agencies were used against an American President.” @DevinNunes @ShannonBream @FoxNews This should NEVER happen to a President again! Dems are furious at RobeWhen is Twitter going to allow the very popular Conservative Voices that it has so viciously shut down, back into the OPEN? IT IS TIME!
Wow! CNN Ratings are WAY DOWN, record lows. People are getting tired of so many Fake Stories and Anti-Trump lies. Chris Cuomo was rewarded for lowest morning ratings with a prime time spot - which is failing badly and not helping the dumbest man on television, Don Lemon!
71% of Voters rate the Economy as Excellent or Good. The highest number in more than 18 years! @QuinnipiacPoll
....Today’s action will help ensure that all Americans learn the truth about the events that occurred, and the actions that were taken, during the last Presidential election and will restore confidence in our public institutions.” @PressSec
....during the 2016 Presidential election. The Attorney General has also been delegated full and complete authority to declassify information pe“Today, at the request and recommendation of the Attorney General of the United States, President Donald J. Trump directed the intelligence community to quickly and fully cooperate with the Attorney General’s investigation into surveillance activities....
Congratulations to Prime Minister @NarendraModi and his BJP pa.@NWS and @USACEHQ are monitoring the damaging storms and flooding in Oklahoma. Listen to the warnings of your local officials and stay safe. We are with you!
Our heaWhen the Democrats in Congress refinish, for the 5th time, their Fake work on their very disappointing Mueller RepoI was extremely calm yesterday with my meeting with Pelosi and Schumer, knowing that they would say I was raging, which they always do, along with their paRex Tillerson, a man who is “dumb as a rock” and totally ill prepared and ill equipped to be Secretary of State, made up a story (he got fired) that I was out-prepared by Vladimir Putin at a meeting in Hamburg, Germany. I don’t think Putin would agree. Look how the U.S. is doing!
The Democrats have become known as THE DO NOTHING PA....drug prices, pre-existing conditions and our great Vets. All they are geared up to do, six committees, is squander time, day after day, trying to find anything which will be bad for me. A pure fishing expedition like this never happened before, &amp, it should never happen again!
The Democrats are getting nothing done in Congress. All of their effoDemocrats don’t want to fix the loopholes at the Border. They don’t want to do anything. Open Borders and crime!
Zero is getting done with the Democrats in charge of the House. All they want to do is put the Mueller RepoIn a letter to her House colleagues, Nancy Pelosi said: “President Trump had a temper tantrum for us all to see.” This is not true. I was purposely very polite and calm, much as I was minutes later with the press in the Rose Garden. Can be easily proven. It is all such a lie!
....Democrat leadership is tearing the United States apa....In the meantime, my Administration is achieving things that have never been done before, including unleashing perhaps the Greatest Economy in our Country’s history....
....But they really want a do-over! You can’t investigate and legislate simultaneously - it just doesn’t work that way. You can’t go down two tracks at the same time. Let Chuck, Nancy, Jerry, Adam and all of the rest finish playing their games....
So sad that Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer will never be able to see or understand the great promise of our Country. They can continue the Witch Hunt which has already cost $40M and been a tremendous waste of time and energy for everyone in America, or get back to work....
As I have long been saying, and has now been proven out, this is a Witch Hunt against the Republican Pa..BETWEEN RUSSIA AND THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN. Mr. McGahn can be forgiven for declining the honor of appearing in Mr. Nadler’s pseudo-impeachment drama.” Wall Street Journal Editorial BoardToday - May 21, 2019
“He (Jerry Nadler) wants a show. He wants to use Mr. McGahn as a prop to spend three hours claiming that Mr. Trump tried to obstruct the Mueller investigation. YET MR. MUELLER WASN’T OBSTRUCTED IN ANY WAY, HIS COPIOUS REPO“The Democrats are in danger of becoming irrelevant because of their decision to keep taking the country on wild goose chases. They ought to staEverybody, including me, thought that when the 40 Million Dollar Mueller RepoAlso, tremendous work is being done on pure renovation - fixing existing Walls that are in bad condition and ineffective, and bringing them to a very high standard!
Much of the Wall being built at the Southern Border is a complete demolition and rebuilding of old and woWithout the ILLEGAL Witch Hunt, my poll numbers, especially because of our historically “great” economy, would be at 65%. Too bad! The greatest Hoax in American History.
"The Democrats are getting ZERO work done in Congress. All they are focused on is trying to prove the Mueller RepoAfter two years of an expensive and comprehensive Witch Hunt, the Democrats don’t like the result and they want a DO OVER. In other words, the Witch Hunt continues!
Everything the Democrats are asking me for is based on an illegally staCongratulations to Governor @MattBevin on winning the Republican Primary for Governor tonight in the Great State of KENTUCKY. Matt, you are doing a fantastic job!
Great news for Republicans: Fred Keller has just won the hard fought for Pennsylvania Congressional contest in a LANDSLIDE, over 70% of the vote. Thanks to the thousands who showed up for the Rally last night. Congratulations to Fred and his wonderful family!
John Brennan on the Mueller probe, “I don’t know if I received bad information, but I THINK I SUSPECTED THAT THERE WAS MORE THAN THERE ACTUALLY WAS.” Wow, he admits he was wrong! Congress should go back to work on drug prices etc.
The Democrats are on a fishing expedition, wanting to interview the same people, and see the same things, as we just went through for two years with RobeAfter spending 40 Million Dollars, reviewing 1.4 million pages of documents, &amp, interviewing 500 people with the total suppoShahira Knight has done a wonderful job as my Legislative Affairs Director at the White House. She was outstanding for us and for our Country - will be a tremendous success in the private sector!
....at a conclusion of NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION! The Dems were unhappy with the outcome of the $40M Mueller RepoSo even though I didn’t have to do it with Presidential Privilege, I allowed everyone to testify, including White House Counsel Don McGahn (for over 30 hours), to RobeI am pleased to announce my nomination of Barbara Barrett of Arizona, and former Chairman of the Aerospace Corporation, to be the next Secretary of the Air Force. She will be an outstanding Secretary! #FlyFightWin
Pennsylvania - Don’t forget to get out and VOTE TODAY for Republican Fred Keller for Congress. Fred is Strong on Crime, Second Amendment, Military, Vets, and Healthcare. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
...Mexico’s attitude is that people from other countries, including Mexico, should have the right to flow into the U.S. &amp, that U.S. taxpayers should be responsible for the tremendous costs associated w/this illegal migration. Mexico is wrong and I will soon be giving a response!
Landing shoFred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Representative. Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will do a fantastic job - I look forward to seeing everyone tonight! #MAGA
....Iran will call us if and when they are ever ready. In the meantime, their economy continues to collapse - very sad for the Iranian people!
The Fake News put out a typically false statement, without any knowledge that the United States was trying to set up a negotiation with Iran. This is a false repoOn this Cuban Independence Day, we stand by the people of Cuba in their quest for freedom, democracy and prosperity. The Cuban regime must end its repression of Cubans &amp, Venezuelans. The United States will not stand idly by as Cuba continues to subveLooks like Bernie Sanders is history. Sleepy Joe Biden is pulling ahead and think about it, I’m only here because of Sleepy Joe and the man who took him off the 1% trash heap, President O! China wants Sleepy Joe BADLY!
Why are the Democrats not looking into all of the crimes committed by Crooked Hillary and the phony Russia Investigation? They would get back their credibility. Jerry Nadler, Schiff, would have a whole new future open to them. Perhaps they could even run for President!
“We have a booming economy, and working people are making gains that they haven’t seen in decades.” StuaTwo Tweets missing from last batch, probably a Twitter error. No time for a redo! Only the Dems get redos!
.....was very good and highly professional to deal with - and if for any reason I didn’t like them, I would have gone elsewhere....there was always plenty of money around and banks to choose from. They would be very happy to take my money. Fake News!
....Now the new big story is that Trump made a lot of money and buys everything for cash, he doesn’t need banks. But where did he get all of that cash? Could it be Russia? No, I built a great business and don’t need banks, but if I did they would be there...and DeutscheBank......
The Mainstream Media has never been as corrupt and deranged as it is today. FAKE NEWS is actually the biggest story of all and is the true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE! That’s why they refuse to cover the REAL Russia Hoax. But the American people are wise to what is going on.....
....fashioned, but true. When you don’t need or want money, you don’t need or want banks. Banks have always been available to me, they want to make money. Fake Media only says this to disparage, and always uses unnamed sources (because their sources don’t even exist)......
The Failing New York Times (it will pass away when I leave office in 6 years), and others of the Fake News Media, keep writing phony stories about how I didn’t use many banks because they didn’t want to do business with me. WRONG! It is because I didn’t need money. Very old
....who got them there. Chris Wallace said, “I actually think, whether you like his opinions or not, that Mayor Pete has a lot of substance...fascinating biography.” Gee, he never speaks well of me - I like Mike Wallace better...and Alfred E. Newman will never be President!
Hard to believe that @FoxNews is wasting aiI will be interviewed by Steve Hilton tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
If Iran wants to fight, that will be the official end of Iran. Never threaten the United States again!
False repoOur Economy and Jobs Market is BOOMING, the best in the World and in our Country’s history - and we have just staWith the wonderful College, University and other Graduations taking place all over the USA, there has never been a better time than now to graduate. Best jobs market ever, great housing and financing. Go out there, work hard, &amp, have a GREAT life. You deserve it. Congratulations!
I will be interviewed by Steve Hilton tonight at 8:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Watched some of the Fake News Political Shows this morning and continue to be amazed at how every question is asked in the most negative way. The Mainstream Media should be ashamed of itself - But the good news is that the USA is wise to your game of dishonesty and deception!
....he would see that it was neveNever a fan of @justinamash, a total lightweight who opposes me and some of our great Republican ideas and policies just for the sake of getting his name out there through controversy. If he actually read the biased Mueller Repo....Conditions, drug prices down for first time in 51 years (&amp, soon will drop much fu....was a depleted disaster, will soon be stronger than ever before, our Vets are finally being taken care of and now have Choice, our CouFor all of the Fake News Sunday Political Shows, whose bias &amp, dishonesty is greater than ever seen in our Country before, please inform your viewers that our Economy is setting records, with more people employed today than at any time in U.S. history, our Military, which....
....for Life in 2020. If we are foolish and do not stay UNITED as one, all of our hard fought gains for Life can, and will, rapidly disappear!
....Federal Judges (many more to come), two great new Supreme CouAs most people know, and for those who would like to know, I am strongly Pro-Life, with the three exceptions - Rape, Incest and protecting the Life of the mother - the same position taken by Ronald Reagan. We have come very far in the last two years with 105 wonderful new.....
Our courageous and vigilant Armed Forces safeguard the blessings of libeConsumer Sentiment in the month of May is the highest in 15 years. Very nice! @FoxNews
With all of the Fake and Made Up News out there, Iran can have no idea what is actually going on!
It now seems the General Flynn was under investigation long before was common knowledge. It would have been impossible for me to know this but, if that was the case, and with me being one of two people who would become president, why was I not told so that I could make a change?
The Fake News Media is huWill Jerry Nadler ever look into the fact that Crooked Hillary deleted and acid washed 33,000 emails AFTER getting a most powerful demand notice for them from Congress?
My Campaign for President was conclusively spied on. Nothing like this has ever happened in American Politics. A really bad situation. TREASON means long jail sentences, and this was TREASON!
New Fox Poll: 58% of people say that the FBI broke the law in investigating Donald J. Trump. @foxandfriends
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“What happened is that Donald Trump won. Down goes Comey.” @foxandfriends
Will the Democrats give our Country a badly needed immigration win before the election? Good chance!
All people that are illegally coming into the United States now will be removed from our Country at a later date as we build up our removal forces and as the laws are changed. Please do not make yourselves too comfoBorder Patrol is apprehending record numbers of people at the Southern Border. The bad “hombres,” of which there are many, are being detained &amp, will be sent home. Those which we release under the ridiculous Catch &amp, Telease loophole, are being registered and will be removed later!
The Democrats now realize that there is a National Emergency at the Border and that, if we work together, it can be immediately fixed. We need Democrat votes and all will be well!
Congratulations to Dan Bishop on his big Republican Primary victory in the 9th Congressional District of NoThe Dems are getting another beauty to join their group. Bill de Blasio of NYC, considered the worst mayor in the U.S., will supposedly be making an announcement for president today. He is a JOKE, but if you like high taxes &amp, crime, he’s your man. NYC HATES HIM!
....Different opinions are expressed and I make a decisive and final decision - it is a very simple process. All sides, views, and policies are covered. I’m sure that Iran will want to talk soon.
The Fake News Washington Post, and even more Fake News New York Times, are writing stories that there is infighting with respect to my strong policy in the Middle East. There is no infighting whatsoever....
Today marks the one-year anniversary of the opening of the United States Embassy in Jerusalem, Israel. Our beautiful embassy stands as a proud reminder of our strong relationship with Israel and of the impoWhen Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan visited with me in the @WhiteHouse two weeks ago, I told him that I would be going to the G20 in Osaka, Japan. I look forward to being with him and other World Leaders!
Our great Senator (and Star) from the State of Arkansas, @TomCottonAR, has just completed a wonderful book, “Sacred Duty,” about Arlington National Cemetery and the men and women who serve with such love and devotion. On sale today, make it big!
China will be pumping money into their system and probably reducing interest rates, as always, in order to make up for the business they are, and will be, losing. If the Federal Reserve ever did a “match,” it would be game over, we win! In any event, China wants a deal!
Our great Senator (and Star) from the State of Arkansas, @TomCottonAR, has just completed a wonderful book, “Sacred Duty,” about Arlington National Cemetary and the men and women who serve with such love and devotion. On sale today, make it big!
....This money will come from the massive Tariffs being paid to the United States for allowing China, and others, to do business with us. The Farmers have been “forgotten” for many years. Their time is now!
Our great Patriot Farmers will be one of the biggest beneficiaries of what is happening now. Hopefully China will do us the honor of continuing to buy our great farm product, the best, but if not your Country will be making up the difference based on a very high China buy......
....of the tremendous ground we have lost to China on Trade since the ridiculous one sided formation of the WTO. It will all happen, and much faster than people think!
When the time is right we will make a deal with China. My respect and friendship with President Xi is unlimited but, as I have told him many times before, this must be a great deal for the United States or it just doesn’t make any sense. We have to be allowed to make up some.....
Billions of Dollars, and moving jobs back to the USA where they belong. Other countries are already negotiating with us because they don’t want this to happen to them. They must be a paWe can make a deal with China tomorrow, before their companies sta....so that they will be more competitive for USA buyers. We are now a much bigger economy than China, and have substantially increased in size since the great 2016 Election. We are the “piggy bank” that everyone wants to raid and take advantage of. NO MORE!
China buys MUCH less from us than we buy from them, by almost 500 Billion Dollars, so we are in a fantastic position. Make your product at home in the USA and there is no Tariff. You can also buy from a non-Tariffed country instead of China. Many companies are leaving China.....
In one year Tariffs have rebuilt our Steel Industry - it is booming! We placed a 25% Tariff on “dumped” steel from China &amp, other countries, and we now have a big and growing industry. We had to save Steel for our defense and auto industries, both of which are coming back strong!
Wishing former President Jimmy CaGreat to welcome Chairman Shin from Lotte Group to the WH. They just invested $3.1 BILLION into Louisiana-biggest investment in U.S. EVER from a South Korean company, &amp, thousands more jobs for Americans. Great paToday, I officially updated my budget to include $18 million for our GREAT @SpecialOlympics, whose athletes inspire us and make our Nation so PROUD!
We must protect our Great Lakes, keeping them clean and beautiful for future generations. That’s why I am fighting for $300 million in my updated budget for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative.
Under my Administration, we are restoring @NASA to greatness and we are going back to the Moon, then Mars. I am updating my budget to include an additional $1.6 billion so that we can return to Space in a BIG WAY!
My Administration will be fighting for $200 million for the Army Corps Everglades restoration work this year. Congress needs to help us complete the world’s largest intergovernmental watershed restoration project ASAP! Good for Florida and good for the environment.
..There will be nobody left in China to do business with. Very bad for China, very good for USA! But China has taken so advantage of the U.S. for so many years, that they are way ahead (Our Presidents did not do the job). Therefore, China should not retaliate-will only get worse!
...completely avoided if you buy from a non-Tariffed Country, or you buy the product inside the USA (the best idea). That’s Zero Tariffs. Many Tariffed companies will be leaving China for Vietnam and other such countries in Asia. That’s why China wants to make a deal so badly!...
There is no reason for the U.S. Consumer to pay the Tariffs, which take effect on China today. This has been proven recently when only 4 points were paid by the U.S., 21 points by China because China subsidizes product to such a large degree. Also, the Tariffs can be.....
Democrat Rep. Tlaib is being slammed for her horrible and highly insensitive statement on the Holocaust. She obviously has tremendous hatred of Israel and the Jewish people. Can you imagine what would happen if I ever said what she said, and says?
Bernie Sanders, “The Economy is doing well, and I’m sure I don’t have to give Trump any credit - I’m sure he’ll take all the credit that he wants.” Wrong Bernie, the Economy is doing GREAT, and would have CRASHED if my opponent (and yours), Crooked Hillary Clinton, had ever won!
Has anyone noticed that all the Boston @RedSox have done is WIN since coming to the White House! Others also have done very well. The White House visit is becoming the opposite of being on the cover of SpoThe unexpectedly good first quaAlso, congratulations to @OANN on the great job you are doing and the big ratings jump (“thank you President Trump”)!
Thank you @foxandfriends, great show this morning and congratulations on your number one (by far) rating. Well deserved!
I say openly to President Xi &amp, all of my many friends in China that China will be hu..There will be nobody left in China to do business with. Very bad for China, very good for USA! But China has taken so advantage of the U.S. for so many years, that they are way ahead (Our Presidents did not do the job). Therefore, China should not retaliate-will only get worse!
....completely avoided if you by from a non-Tariffed Country, or you buy the product inside the USA (the best idea). That’s Zero Tariffs. Many Tariffed companies will be leaving China for Vietnam and other such countries in Asia. That’s why China wants to make a deal so badly!...
Their is no reason for the U.S. Consumer to pay the Tariffs, which take effect on China today. This has been proven recently when only 4 points were paid by the U.S., 21 points by China because China subsidizes product to such a large degree. Also, the Tariffs can be.....
information! As long as President Trump is President, his opposition will use every tool, and misuse every tool available, to make his life miserable.” @TomFitton @JudicialWatch @LouDobbs Sadly, this proves I am doing a great job - Also, Best Economy and Employment Numbers EVER!
“It’s the attack strategy of harass. This is not about the Attorney General, who is very sophisticated &amp, knows it isn’t about him, it’s about trying to destroy President Trump through an assault on his AG for upholding the rule of law. He released a massive amount of......
....ove....and the Democrat National Committee-The Democrat Pa“Just another abuse of power in a long series of abuses of power by the Democrats that began during the Obama Administration, continued through the Mueller FBI operation, &amp, now the baton has been passed to Jerry Nadler to continue to abuse power to harass President Trump..
“Even Director James Clapper admits that the FBI actions against the Trump Presidential Campaign do in fact meet the definition of spying, perhaps FBI Director Christopher Wray will be the next to do so.” @LouDobbs
China is DREAMING that Sleepy Joe Biden, or any of the others, gets elected in 2020. They LOVE ripping off America!
The “Constitutional Crisis” is the Democrats refusing to work. Let them staWhen the Mueller RepoEver since the Mueller RepoDespite two years and millions of dollars spent, the Democrats are acting like crazed lunatics ever since the results of the Mueller Repo....employment numbers ever, low taxes &amp, regulations, a rebuilt military &amp, V.A., many great new judges, &amp, so much more. But we have had a giant SCAM perpetrated upon our nation, a Witch Hunt, a Treasonous Hoax. That is the Constitutional Crisis &amp, hopefully guilty people will pay!
The Democrats new and pathetically untrue sound bite is that we are in a “Constitutional Crisis.” They and their pa....We will then spend (match or better) the money that China may no longer be spending with our Great Patriot Farmers (Agriculture), which is a small percentage of total Tariffs received, and distribute the food to starving people in nations around the world! GREAT! #MAGA
We are right where we want to be with China. Remember, they broke the deal with us &amp, tried to renegotiate. We will be taking in Tens of Billions of Dollars in Tariffs from China. Buyers of product can make it themselves in the USA (ideal), or buy it from non-Tariffed countries...
Big attacks on Republicans and Conservatives by Social Media. Not good!
....Hoax. My campaign was being seriously spied upon by intel agencies and the Democrats. This never happened before in American history, and it all turned out to be a total scam, a Witch Hunt, that yielded No Collusion, No Obstruction. This must never be allowed to happen again!
Think of it. I became President of the United States in one of the most hard fought and consequential elections in the history of our great nation. From long before I ever took office, I was under a sick &amp, unlawful investigation concerning what has become known as the Russian....
....President who is willing to have the battle, and we have a great Attorney General who is willing to lead the battle, and they are going to get to the bottom of it.” @EdRollins @LouDobbs
“The Democrats have nothing. Just want to distract from this President. The FBI was not doing its job, the State DepaI was NOT going to fire Bob Mueller, and did not fire Bob Mueller. In fact, he was allowed to finish his Repo....The only problem is that they know I am going to win (best economy &amp, employment numbers in U.S. history, &amp, much more), and the deal will become far worse for them if it has to be negotiated in my second term. Would be wise for them to act now, but love collecting BIG TARIFFS!
I think that China felt they were being beaten so badly in the recent negotiation that they may as well wait around for the next election, 2020, to see if they could get lucky &amp, have a Democrat win - in which case they would continue to rip-off the USA for $500 Billion a year....
So now the Radical Left Dems don’t talk about Collusion anymore, because the Mueller RepoI won the 2016 Election paSuch an easy way to avoid Tariffs? Make or produce your goods and products in the good old USA. It’s very simple!
"We have lost 500 Billion Dollars a year, for many years, on Crazy Trade with China. NO MORE!
....into the future will continue. In the meantime, the United States has imposed Tariffs on China, which may or may not be removed depending on what happens with respect to future negotiations!
Over the course of the past two days, the United States and China have held candid and constructive conversations on the status of the trade relationship between both countries. The relationship between President Xi and myself remains a very strong one, and conversations....
Great Republican vote today on Disaster Relief Bill. We will now work out a bipa“We have been engaged in an unfair relationship with China for a long time. They have reneged on the commitments they made to the WTO, paLooks to me like it’s going to be SleepyCreepy Joe over Crazy Bernie. Everyone else is fading fast!
Great Consumer Price Index just out. Really good, very low inflation! We have a great chance to “really rock!” Good numbers all around.
Your all time favorite President got tired of waiting for China to help out and staBuild your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!
....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers, far more than China buys now, we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure, Healthcare, or anything else. China would greatly slow down, and we would automatically speed up!
Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!
The average 401(k) balance has SOARED since the bottom of the market - 466%. Wow!
Tariffs will make our Country MUCH STRONGER, not weaker. Just sit back and watch! In the meantime, China should not renegotiate deals with the U.S. at the last minute. This is not the Obama Administration, or the Administration of Sleepy Joe, who let China get away with “murder!”
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier &amp, quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!
Talks with China continue in a very congenial manner - there is absolutely no need to rush - as Tariffs are NOW being paid to the United States by China of 25% on 250 Billion Dollars wo....agricultural products from our Great Farmers, in larger amounts than China ever did, and ship it to poor &amp, starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!
....The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25% on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods &amp, products, a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in, we will buy.....
V.P. Mike Pence will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers, far more than China buys now, we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure, Healthcare, or anything else. China would greatly slow down, and we would automatically speed up!
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier &amp, quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!
....agricultural products from our Great Farmers, in larger amounts than China ever did, and ship it to poor &amp, starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!
....The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25% on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods &amp, products, a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in, we will buy.....
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier &amp, quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!
....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers, far more than China buys now, we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure, Healthcare, or anything else. China would greatly slow down, and we would automatically speed up!
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier &amp, quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!
....agricultural products from our Great Farmers, in larger amounts than China ever did, and ship it to poor &amp, starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!
....The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25% on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods &amp, products, a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in, we will buy.....
James Comey is a disgrace to the FBI &amp, will go down as the worst Director in its long and once proud history. He brought the FBI down, almost all Republicans &amp, Democrats thought he should be FIRED, but the FBI will regain greatness because of the great men &amp, women who work there!
Just landed in Panama City Beach, Florida for a rally beginning at 8:00 P.M. Eastern. Will be live on @FoxNews! #MAGA @tuckercarlson @seanhannity
Big announcement today: Drug companies have to come clean about their prices in TV ads. Historic transparency for American patients is here. If drug companies are ashamed of those prices—lower them!
“The reality is, with the Tariffs, the economy has grown more rapidly in the United States and much more slowly in China.” Peter Morici, Former Chief Economist, USITC
Getting ready to leave for one of my favorite places, the Florida Panhandle, where we’ve given, and are giving, billions of $$$ for the devastation caused by Hurricane Michael. Even though the Dems are totally in our way (they don’t want money to go there) we’re getting it done!
Our Nation grieves at the unspeakable violence that took a precious young life and badly injured others in Colorado. God be with the families and thank you to the First Responders for bravely intervening. We are in close contact with Law Enforcement.
Republicans shouldn’t vote for H.R. 312, a special interest casino Bill, backed by Elizabeth (Pocahontas) Warren. It is unfair and doesn’t treat Native Americans equally!
....in 3 separate locations, creating another 450 jobs. I have been working nicely with GM to get this done. Thank you to Mary B, your GREAT Governor, and Senator Rob PoGREAT NEWS FOR OHIO! Just spoke to Mary Barra, CEO of General Motors, who informed me that, subject to a UAW agreement etc., GM will be selling their beautiful Lordstown Plant to Workhorse, where they plan to build Electric Trucks. GM will also be spending $700,000,000 in Ohio...
“This British Spy, Christopher Steele, tried so hard to get this (the Fake Dossier) out before the Election. Why?” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
“Everyone wants to know who needs to be accountable, because it took up two years of our lives talking about this Russian involvement. It proved No Collusion, &amp, people want to trace it back to see how this all happened?” @ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends TREASONOUS HOAX!
Big Cou“Shouldn’t 2015 and 2016 be revealed, how Intelligence Agencies, FBI, tried to sabotage a pa“The real “Obstruction of Justice” is what the Democrats are trying to do to this Attorney General.” Congressman Jim Jordan (R-Ohio). @MariaBa....Guess what, that’s not going to happen! China has just informed us that they (Vice-Premier) are now coming to the U.S. to make a deal. We’ll see, but I am very happy with over $100 Billion a year in Tariffs filling U.S. coffers...great for U.S., not good for China!
The reason for the China pullback &amp, attempted renegotiation of the Trade Deal is the sincere HOPE that they will be able to “negotiate” with Joe Biden or one of the very weak Democrats, and thereby continue to ripoff the United States (($500 Billion a year)) for years to come....
....you would get it by building, or even buying. You always wanted to show losses for tax purposes....almost all real estate developers did - and often re-negotiate with banks, it was spoReal estate developers in the 1980’s &amp, 1990’s, more than 30 years ago, were entitled to massive write offs and depreciation which would, if one was actively building, show losses and tax losses in almost all cases. Much was non monetary. Sometimes considered “tax shelter,” ......
McConnell Backs Trump: Mueller RepoI am pleased to inform you that THE BIG FIREWORKS, after many years of not having any, are coming back to beautiful Mount Rushmore in South Dakota. Great work @GovKristiNoem and @SecBernhardt! #MAGA
Democrats in Congress must vote to close the terrible loopholes at the Southern Border. If not, harsh measures will have to be taken!
Just spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan concerning No....Alabama, Iowa, Nebraska, Georgia, South Carolina, NoPueScott Walker is 100% correct when he says that the Republicans must WAKE UP to the Democrats State by State power grab. They play very diThe United States has been losing, for many years, 600 to 800 Billion Dollars a year on Trade. With China we lose 500 Billion Dollars. Sorry, we’re not going to be doing that anymore!
Also, there are “No High Crimes &amp, Misdemeanors,” No Collusion, No Conspiracy, No Obstruction. ALL THE CRIMES ARE ON THE OTHER SIDE, and that’s what the Dems should be looking at, but they won’t. Neve“Democrat Texas Congressman Al Green says impeachment is the only thing that can prevent President Trump from re-election in 2020.” @OANN In other words, Dems can’t win the election fairly. You can’t impeach a president for creating the best economy in our country’s history.....
.....The Witch Hunt is over but we will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Despite the tremendous success that I have had as President, including perhaps the greatest ECONOMY and most successful first two years of any President in history, they have stolen two years of my (our) Presidency (Collusion Delusion) that we will never be able to get back.....
....To the Gazan people — these terrorist acts against Israel will bring you nothing but more misery. END the violence and work towards peace - it can happen!
Once again, Israel faces a barrage of deadly rocket attacks by terrorist groups Hamas and Islamic Jihad. We suppoPending the confirmation of Mark Morgan as our Nation’s new ICE Director, Matt Albence will serve in the role of Acting Director. Matt is tough and dedicated and has my full suppo....The Witch Hunt is over but we will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Despite the tremendous success that I have had as President, including perhaps the greatest ECONOMY and most successful first two years of any President in history, they have stollen two years of my (our) Presidency (Collusion Delusion) that we will never be able to get back.....
“This is not Congressional Oversight, this is bullying.” Jason Riley, The Wall Street Journal
“The Repo....to testify. Are they looking for a redo because they hated seeing the strong NO COLLUSION conclusion? There was no crime, except on the other side (incredibly not covered in the RepoAfter spending more than $35,000,000 over a two year period, interviewing 500 people, using 18 Trump Hating Angry Democrats &amp, 49 FBI Agents - all culminating in a more than 400 page Repo....of additional goods sent to us by China remain untaxed, but will be shoFor 10 months, China has been paying Tariffs to the USA of 25% on 50 Billion Dollars of High Tech, and 10% on 200 Billion Dollars of other goods. These payments are paThe Kentucky Derby decision was not a good one. It was a rough &amp, tumble race on a wet and sloppy track, actually, a beautiful thing to watch. Only in these days of political correctness could such an oveI am pleased to inform all of those that believe in a strong, fair and sound Immigration Policy that Mark Morgan will be joining the Trump Administration as the head of our hard working men and women of ICE. Mark is a true believer and American Patriot. He will do a great job!
Very good call yesterday with President Putin of Russia. Tremendous potential for a good/great relationship with Russia, despite what you read and see in the Fake News Media. Look how they have misled you on “Russia Collusion.” The World can be a better and safer place. Nice!
Anything in this very interesting world is possible, but I believe that Kim Jong Un fully realizes the great economic potential of NoWhen will the Radical Left Wing Media apologize to me for knowingly getting the Russia Collusion Delusion story so wrong? The real story is about to happen! Why is @nytimes, @washingtonpost, @CNN, @MSNBC allowed to be on Twitter &amp, Facebook. Much of what they do is FAKE NEWS!
Steve Moore, a great pro-growth economist and a truly fine person, has decided to withdraw from the Fed process. Steve won the battle of ideas including Tax Cuts....
There is nothing easy about a USA Infrastructure Plan, especially when our great Country has spent an astounding 7 trillion dollars in the Middle East over the last 19 years, but I am looking hard at a bipa“They wanted to know what Trump was up to with the Russians - which of course is nonsense. This whole thing was a complete setup.” George Papadopoulos to @seanhannity
As the great people of IA, IL, &amp, MO continue to confront the devastating flooding, know we are here for you and ready to help! My team remains in close contact with @IAGovernor, @GovParsonMO, @GovPritzker, and the local officials managing the impacts of the destructive flooding.
The wonderful Diamond and Silk have been treated so horribly by Facebook. They work so hard and what has been done to them is very sad - and we’re looking into. It’s getting worse and worse for Conservatives on social media!
I am continuing to monitor the censorship of AMERICAN CITIZENS on social media platforms. This is the United States of America — and we have what’s known as FREEDOM OF SPEECH! We are monitoring and watching, closely!!
Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Rep. Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Strong on Crime, Second Amendment, Military, Vets, and Healthcare. He will do a fantastic job!
Finally, Mainstream Media is getting involved - too “hot” to avoid. Pulitzer Prize anyone? The New York Times, on front page (finally), “Details effo"...at every turn in attempts to gain access. But now Republicans and Democrats must come together for the good of the American people. No more costly &amp, time consuming investigations. Lets do Immigration (Border), Infrastructure, much lower drug prices &amp, much more - and do it now!
....and deregulation which have produced non-inflationary prosperity for all Americans. I’ve asked Steve to work with me toward future economic growth in our Country.
NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION. Besides, how can you have Obstruction when not only was there No Collusion (by Trump), but the bad actions were done by the “other” side? The greatest con-job in the history of American Politics!
Why didn’t President Obama do something about Russia in September (before November Election) when told by the FBI? He did NOTHING, and had no intention of doing anything!
Congress must change the Immigration Laws now, Dems won’t act. Wall is being built - 400 miles by end of next year. Mexico must stop the march to Border! @foxandfriends
“No President in history has endured such vicious personal attacks by political opponents. Still, the President’s record is unparalleled.” @LouDobbs
Gallup Poll: 56% of Americans rate their financial situation as excellent or good. This is the highest number since 2002, and up 10 points since 2016.
I am overriding the Decommission Order of the magnificent aircraft carrier Harry S. Truman, built in 1998 (fairly new), and considered one of the largest and finest in the world. It will be updated at a fraction of the cost of a new one (which also are being built)!
“The Democrats can’t come to grips with the fact that there was No Collusion, there was No Conspiracy, there was No Obstruction. What we should be focused on is what’s been going on in our government, at the highest levels of the FBI....” Senator Josh Hawley
....embargo, together with highest-level sanctions, will be placed on the island of Cuba. Hopefully, all Cuban soldiers will promptly and peacefully return to their island!
If Cuban Troops and Militia do not immediately CEASE military and other operations for the purpose of causing death and destruction to the Constitution of Venezuela, a full and complete....
I am monitoring the situation in Venezuela very closely. The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom!
....up like a rocket if we did some lowering of rates, like one point, and some quantitative easing. Yes, we are doing very well at 3.2% GDP, but with our wonderfully low inflation, we could be setting major records &amp,, at the same time, make our National Debt staChina is adding great stimulus to its economy while at the same time keeping interest rates low. Our Federal Reserve has incessantly lifted interest rates, even though inflation is very low, and instituted a very big dose of quantitative tightening. We have the potential to go...
....European countries are not helping at all, even though this was very much done for their benefit. They are refusing to take back prisoners from their specific countries. Not good!
We have 1,800 ISIS Prisoners taken hostage in our final battles to destroy 100% of the Caliphate in Syria. Decisions are now being made as to what to do with these dangerous prisoners....
If the Democrats don’t give us the votes to change our weak, ineffective and dangerous Immigration Laws, we must fight hard for these votes in the 2020 Election!
The New York Times has apologized for the terrible Anti-Semitic CaBob Mueller was a great HERO to the Radical Left Democrats. Now that the Mueller RepoThe Dues Sucking firefighters leadership will always suppoSleepy Joe Biden is having his first rally in the Great State of Pennsylvania. He obviously doesn’t know that Pennsylvania is having one of the best economic years in its history, with lowest unemployment EVER, a now thriving Steel Industry (that was dead) &amp, great future!........
The Media (Fake News) is pushing Sleepy Joe hard. Funny, I’m only here because of Biden &amp, Obama. They didn’t do the job and now you have Trump, who is getting it done - big time!
I’ll never get the suppo....People are fleeing New York State because of high taxes and yes, even oppression of soThe NRA is under siege by Cuomo and the New York State A.G., who are illegally using the State’s legal apparatus to take down and destroy this very impoI spoke at length yesterday to Rabbi Yisroel Goldstein, Chabad of Poway, where I extended my warmest condolences to him and all affected by the shooting in California. What a great guy. He had a least one finger blown off, and all he wanted to do is help others. Very special!
Will be interviewed by @MariaBa....for the more traditional, but not very bright, Sleepy Joe Biden. Here we go again Bernie, but this time please show a little more anger and indignation when you get screwed!
The Democratic National Committee, sometimes referred to as the DNC, is again working its magic in its quest to destroy Crazy Bernie Sanders....
....Ever since Andrew came to my office to ask that I appoint him to the U.S. Supreme CouThank you to brilliant and highly respected attorney Alan Dershowitz for destroying the very dumb legal argument of “Judge” Andrew Napolitano....
Just arrived in Green Bay, Wisconsin for a #MAGA Rally. Big crowds - join me at 8:00 P.M. Eastern, live on @FoxNews!
Sincerest THANK YOU to our great Border Patrol Agent who stopped the shooter at the Synagogue in Poway, California. He may have been off duty but his talents for Law Enforcement weren’t!
Leaving now for Green Bay, Wisconsin - BIG CROWD, will be there shoThoughts and prayers to all of those affected by the shooting at the Synagogue in Poway, California. God bless you all. Suspect apprehended. Law enforcement did outstanding job. Thank you!
"Spoke to Saudi Arabia and others about increasing oil flow. All are in agreement. The California tax on gasoline is causing big problems on pricing for that state. Speak to your Governor about reducing. Economic numbers, 3.2% GDP for what is often worst quaGreat NRA crowd and enthusiasm in Indiana. Thank you! Leaving now for meetings in the Oval Office.
Just out: Real GDP for First QuaHeading to Indianapolis to speak at the big NRA Conference. Love being in Indiana. The @NRA is getting stronger &amp, stronger and doing some really great and impoWeirdo Tom Steyer, who didn’t have the “guts” or money to run for President, is still trying to remain relevant by putting himself on ads begging for impeachment. He doesn’t mention the fact that mine is perhaps the most successful first 2 year presidency in history &amp, NO C OR O!
“President Donald J. Trump is the greatest hostage negotiator that I know of in the history of the United States. 20 hostages, many in impossible circumstances, have been released in last two years. No money was paid.” Cheif Hostage Negotiator, USA!
No money was paid to NoI will be interviewed on @seanhannity at 9:00 PM. In 5 minutes - Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 PM on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
"Welcome to the race Sleepy Joe. I only hope you have the intelligence, long in doubt, to wage a successful primary campaign. It will be nasty - you will be dealing with people who truly have some very sick &amp, demented ideas. But if you make it, I will see you at the Sta.....Despite the fact that the Mueller Repo....Mueller was NOT fired and was respectfully allowed to finish his work on what I, and many others, say was an illegal investigation (there was no crime), headed by a Trump hater who was highly conflicted, and a group of 18 VERY ANGRY Democrats. DRAIN THE SWAMP!
As has been incorrectly repoThe Great State of Tennessee is so close to passing School Choice. All of our Nation’s children, regardless of background, deserve a shot at achieving the American Dream! Time to get this done, so impo.@SenMikeLee of the great state of Utah has written a wonderful new book entitled, “Our Lost Declaration.” Highly recommended!
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-CoRep. Occasio-CoI didn’t call Bob Costa of the Washington Post, he called me (Returned his call)! Just more Fake News.
....Congress has no time to legislate, they only want to continue the Witch Hunt, which I have already won. They should staNo Collusion, No Obstruction - there has NEVER been a President who has been more transparent. Millions of pages of documents were given to the Mueller Angry Dems, plus I allowed everyone to testify, including W.H. counsel. I didn’t have to do this, but now they want more.....
Can anyone comprehend what a GREAT job Border Patrol and Law Enforcement is doing on our Southern Border. So far this year they have APPREHENDED 418,000 plus illegal immigrants, way up from last year. Mexico is doing very little for us. DEMS IN CONGRESS MUST ACT NOW!
.....are there no “High Crimes and Misdemeanors,” there are no Crimes by me at all. All of the Crimes were committed by Crooked Hillary, the Dems, the DNC and DiThe Mueller RepoMexico’s Soldiers recently pulled guns on our National Guard Soldiers, probably as a diversionary tactic for drug smugglers on the Border. Better not happen again! We are now sending ARMED SOLDIERS to the Border. Mexico is not doing nearly enough in apprehending &amp, returning!
A very big Caravan of over 20,000 people staThe American people deserve to know who is in this Country. Yesterday, the Supreme Cou“Former CIA analyst Larry Johnson accuses United Kingdom Intelligence of helping Obama Administration Spy on the 2016 Trump Presidential Campaign.” @OANN WOW! It is now just a question of time before the truth comes out, and when it does, it will be a beauty!
You mean the Stock Market hit an all-time record high today and they’re actually talking impeachment!? Will I ever be given credit for anything by the Fake News Media or Radical Liberal Dems? NO COLLUSION!
Great golf champion &amp, friend, Ernie Els (@TheBig_Easy), has done a tremendous job in assisting those w/ Autism through his Els for Autism Fdn, focusing on Education, Research, Global Outreach, Recreation Services, Therapy Services, &amp, Adult Services. #NationalAutismAwarenessMonth
Great interview by Jared. Nice to have extraordinarily smaKEEP AMERICA GREAT!
The Wall is being rapidly built! The Economy is GREAT! Our Country is Respected again!
.....But should be much higher than that if Twitter wasn’t playing their political games. No wonder Congress wants to get involved - and they should. Must be more, and fairer, companies to get out the WORD!
“The best thing ever to happen to Twitter is Donald Trump.” @MariaBa“Harley Davidson has struggled with Tariffs with the EU, currently paying 31%. They’ve had to move production overseas to try and offset some of that Tariff that they’ve been hit with which will rise to 66% in June of 2021.” @MariaBa....Dumb and Sick. A really bad show with low ratings - and will only get worse. CNN has been a proven and long term ratings and beyond disaster. In fact, it rewarded Chris Cuomo with a now unsuccessful prime time slot, despite his massive failure in the morning. Only on CNN!
Sorry to say but @foxandfriends is by far the best of the morning political shows on television. It rightfully has BY FAR the highest ratings, not even close. Morning Psycho (Joe), who helped get me elected in 2016 by having me on (free) all the time, has nosedived, too Angry...
In the “old days” if you were President and you had a good economy, you were basically immune from criticism. Remember, “It’s the economy stupid.” Today I have, as President, perhaps the greatest economy in history...and to the Mainstream Media, it means NOTHING. But it will!
The Radical Left Democrats, together with their leaders in the Fake News Media, have gone totally insane! I guess that means that the Republican agenda is working. Stay tuned for more!
I will be going to Green Bay, Wisconsin, for a really big Rally on Saturday Evening. Big crowd expected, much to talk about. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I wonder if the New York Times will apologize to me a second time, as they did after the 2016 Election. But this one will have to be a far bigger &amp, better apology. On this one they will have to get down on their knees &amp, beg for forgiveness-they are truly the Enemy of the People!
Paul Krugman, of the Fake News New York Times, has lost all credibility, as has the Times itself, with his false and highly inaccurate writings on me. He is obsessed with hatred, just as others are obsessed with how stupid he is. He said Market would crash, Only Record Highs!
Just spoke to @LouDobbs. Will be doing a very interesting show tonight at 7:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxBusiness!
Isn’t it amazing that the people who were closest to me, by far, and knew the Campaign better than anyone, were never even called to testify before Mueller. The reason is that the 18 Angry Democrats knew they would all say ‘NO COLLUSION’ and only very good things!
Spoke to the Prime Minister of Italy, Giuseppe Conte, mostly concerning Immigration, Taxes, Trade, and the Economy of both of our countries. Very good call!
Spoke to Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe of Sri Lanka this morning to inform him that the United States stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism. Also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the People of the United States!
Spoke to President Maithripala Sirisena of Sri Lanka yesterday to inform him that the United States stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism. Also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the People of the United States.
My friend Herman Cain, a truly wonderful man, has asked me not to nominate him for a seat on the Federal Reserve Board. I will respect his wishes. Herman is a great American who truly loves our Country!
Only high crimes and misdemeanors can lead to impeachment. There were no crimes by me (No Collusion, No Obstruction), so you can’t impeach. It was the Democrats that committed the crimes, not your Republican President! Tables are finally turning on the Witch Hunt!
Saudi Arabia and others in OPEC will more than make up the Oil Flow difference in our now Full Sanctions on Iranian Oil. Iran is being given VERY BAD advice by @JohnKerry and people who helped him lead the U.S. into the very bad Iran Nuclear Deal. Big violation of Logan Act?
How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Can you believe that I had to go through the worst and most corrupt political Witch Hunt in the history of the United States (No Collusion) when it was the “other side” that illegally created the diversionary &amp, criminal event and even spied on my campaign? Disgraceful!
Jobless claims in the United States have reached their lowest (BEST) level in over 50 years!
Despite No Collusion, No Obstruction, The Radical Left Democrats do not want to go on to Legislate for the good of the people, but only to Investigate and waste time. This is costing our Country greatly, and will cost the Dems big time in 2020!
The Trump Haters and Angry Democrats who wrote the Mueller RepoDo you believe this? The New York Times Op-Ed: MEDIA AND DEMOCRATS OWE TRUMP AN APOLOGY. Well, they got that one right!
138 people have been killed in Sri Lanka, with more that 600 badly injured, in a terrorist attack on churches and hotels. The United States offers heaHappy Easter! I have never been happier or more content because your Country is doing so well, with an Economy that is the talk of the World and may be stronger than it has ever been before. Have a great day!
Good night of television! 8:00 PM @WattersWorld 9:00 PM @JudgeJeanine with interview of @RudyGiuliani followed by Greg G. Honest commentary is always nice!
The end result of the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history is No Collusion with Russia (and No Obstruction). Pretty Amazing!
United States weekly jobless claims just hit a 50 year low. The economy is doing GREAT!
....big, fat, waste of time, energy and money - $30,000,000 to be exact. It is now finally time to turn the tables and bring justice to some very sick and dangerous people who have committed very serious crimes, perhaps even Spying or Treason. This should never happen again!
...agreed to testify, it was not necessary for me to respond to statements made in the “RepoStatements are made about me by ceKimberley Strassel should get the Pulitzer. She is a treasure (and I don’t know her) who correctly called the Russia Hoax right from the sta“The Mueller Repo“If dozens of Federal prosecutors spent two years trying to charge you with a crime, and found they couldn’t, it would mean there wasn’t any evidence you did it - and that’s what happened here - that’s what we just learned from the Mueller RepoWhen there is not an underlying crime with regard to Collusion (in fact, the whole thing was a made up fraud), it is difficult to say that someone is obstructing something. There was no underlying crime.” @maAnything the Russians did concerning the 2016 Election was done while Obama was President. He was told about it and did nothing! Most impoIt was a really great day for America! A special evening tonight on @TuckerCarlson, @seanhannity &amp, @IngrahamAngle Will be very interesting!
“Donald Trump was being framed, he fought back. That is not Obstruction.” @JesseBWatters I had the right to end the whole Witch Hunt if I wanted. I could have fired everyone, including Mueller, if I wanted. I chose not to. I had the RIGHT to use Executive Privilege. I didn’t!
Attorney General William Barr’s Press Conference today at 9:30 AM ET. Watch on @FoxNews @OANN
"PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
Just had a wonderful conversation with @Pontifex Francis offering condolences from the People of the United States for the horrible and destructive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral. I offered the help of our great expeDemocrats in Congress must return from their Vacations and change the Immigration Laws, or the Border, despite the great job being done by Border Patrol, will only get worse. Big sections of Wall now being built!
I believe it will be Crazy Bernie Sanders vs. Sleepy Joe Biden as the two finalists to run against maybe the best Economy in the history of our Country (and MANY other great things)! I look forward to facing whoever it may be. May God Rest Their Soul!
Bernie Sanders and wife should pay the Pre-Trump Taxes on their almost $600,000 in income. He is always complaining about these big TAX CUTS, except when it benefits him. They made a foMany Trump Fans &amp, Signs were outside of the @FoxNews Studio last night in the now thriving (Thank you President Trump) Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, for the interview with Crazy Bernie Sanders. Big complaints about not being let in-stuffed with Bernie suppoJust signed a critical bill to formalize drought contingency plans for the Colorado River. Thanks to @SenMcSallyAZ for getting it done. Big deal for Arizona!
So weird to watch Crazy Bernie on @FoxNews. Not surprisingly, @BretBaier and the “audience” was so smiley and nice. Very strange, and now we have @donnabrazile?
No Collusion - No Obstruction!
A must read, Andy McCaGod bless the people of France!
The forgotten voters of the 2016 Election are now doing great. The Steel Industry is rebuilding and expanding at a pace that it hasn’t seen in decades. Our Country has one of the best Economies in many years, perhaps ever. Unemployment numbers best in 51 years. Wow!
So horrible to watch the massive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris. Perhaps flying water tankers could be used to put it out. Must act quickly!
Spoke to @TigerWoods to congratulate him on the great victory he had in yesterday’s @TheMasters, &amp, to inform him that because of his incredible Success &amp, Comeback in SpoHeading to the Great State of Minnesota!
....Since there was no Collusion, why was there an Investigation in the first place! Answer - DiThe Mueller RepoThose Illegal Immigrants who can no longer be legally held (Congress must fix the laws and loopholes) will be, subject to Homeland Security, given to Sanctuary Cities and States!
Mark Morgan, President Obama’s Border Patrol Chief, gave the following message to me: “President Trump, stay the course.” I agree, and believe it or not, we are making great progress with a system that has been broken for many years!
The Radical Left Democrats will never be satisfied with anything we give them. They will always Resist and Obstruct!
THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN (We will never forget)!
Before Nancy, who has lost all control of Congress and is getting nothing done, decides to defend her leader, Rep. Omar, she should look at the anti-Semitic, anti-Israel and ungrateful U.S. HATE statements Omar has made. She is out of control, except for her control of Nancy!
Congress should come back to D.C. now and FIX THE IMMIGRATION LAWS!
Mueller, and the A.G. based on Mueller findings (and great intelligence), have already ruled No Collusion, No Obstruction. These were crimes committed by Crooked Hillary, the DNC, DiWhat do I know about branding, maybe nothing (but I did become President!), but if I were Boeing, I would FIX the Boeing 737 MAX, add some additional great features, &amp, REBRAND the plane with a new name.No product has suffered like this one. But again, what the hell do I know?
Chinese Telecom Giant Huawei hires former Obama Cyber Security Official as a lobbyist. This is not good, or acceptable! @FoxNews @SteveHiltonx
.@SteveHiltonx “This is President Trump trying to deliver on his promises while the bureaucratic machine fights his agenda. He needs populist allies. These changes are not chaos, but rather progress. All this is President Trump at his absolute best.” Thank you Steve!
Such a “puff piece” on Nancy Pelosi by @60minutes, yet her leadership has passed no meaningful Legislation. All they do is Investigate, as it turns out, crimes that they instigated &amp, committed. The Mueller No Collusion decision wasn’t even discussed-and she was a disaster at W.H.
Congratulations to @TigerWoods., a truly Great Champion!
Watching final hole of @TheMasters. @TigerWoods is looking GREAT!
Great Masters going on right now. @TigerWoods is leading with 2 holes left to play. Very exciting, tune in!
If the Fed had done its job properly, which it has not, the Stock Market would have been up 5000 to 10,000 additional points, and GDP would have been well over 4% instead of 3%...with almost no inflation. Quantitative tightening was a killer, should have done the exact opposite!
Just out: The USA has the absolute legal right to have apprehended illegal immigrants transferred to Sanctuary Cities. We hereby demand that they be taken care of at the highest level, especially by the State of California, which is well known or its poor management &amp, high taxes!
Democrats must change the Immigration Laws FAST. If not, Sanctuary Cities must immediately ACT to take care of the Illegal Immigrants - and this includes Gang Members, Drug Dealers, Human Traffickers, and Criminals of all shapes, sizes and kinds. CHANGE THE LAWS NOW!
....So interesting to see the Mayor of Oakland and other Sanctuary Cities NOT WANT our currently “detained immigrants” after release due to the ridiculous couI never offered Pardons to Homeland Security Officials, never ordered anyone to close our Southern Border (although I have the absolute right to do so, and may if Mexico does not apprehend the illegals coming to our Border), and am not “frustrated.” It is all Fake &amp, Corrupt News!
....When I won the Election in 2016, the @nytimes had to beg their fleeing subscribers for forgiveness in that they covered the Election (and me) so badly. They didn’t have a clue, it was pathetic. They even apologized to me. But now they are even worse, really corrupt repoThe New York Times Sanctuary Cities/Immigration story today was knowingly wrong on almost every fact. They never call to check for truth. Their sources often don’t even exist, a fraud. They will lie &amp, cheat anyway possible to make me look bad. In 6 years they will be gone........
The Left has become totally unhinged. They no longer care what is Right for our CountWhy should Radical Left Democrats in Congress have a right to retry and examine the $35,000,000 (two years in the making) No Collusion Mueller Repo....extraordinary growth, economic success and riches under the leadership of Chairman Kim. I look forward to the day, which could be soon, when Nuclear Weapons and Sanctions can be removed, and then watching NoI agree with Kim Jong Un of NoIn New York State, Democrats blocked a Bill expanding College Tuition for Gold Star families after approving aid for illegal immigrants. No wonder so many people are leaving N.Y. Very Sad!
Another Fake Story on @NBCNews that I offered Pardons to Homeland Securiy personnel in case they broke the law regarding illegal immigration and sanctuary cities. Of course this is not true. Mainstream Media is corrupt and getting worse, if that is possible, every day!
If the Radical Left Democrats all of a sudden don’t want the Illegal Migrants in their Sanctuary Cities (no more open arms), why should others be expected to take them into their communities? Go home and come into our Country legally and through a system of Merit!
....The Radical Left always seems to have an Open Borders, Open Arms policy – so this should make them very happy!
Due to the fact that Democrats are unwilling to change our very dangerous immigration laws, we are indeed, as repoEven the Democrats now say that our Southern Border is a Crisis and a National Emergency. Hopefully, we will not be getting any more BAD (outrageous) cou“Democrats don’t like the results of the Mueller RepoPresident Obama’s top White House lawyer, Gregory B. Craig, was indicted yesterday on very serious charges. This is a really big story, but the Fake News New York Times didn’t even put it on page one, rather page 16. @washingtonpost not much better, “tiny” page one. Corrupt News!
“I don’t need to know any more. We’re done, absolutely done, he (Mueller) tried the case. There’s NO COLLUSION.” @LindseyGrahamSC @foxandfriends No matter what we do or give to the Radical Left, it will never be enough!
JOBLESS CLAIMS AT 50 YEAR LOW!
“And the Radical Dems reeling in disarray as the President continues to Win, Win and Win again! The Left is PRETENDING to be shocked by A.G. William Barr’s testimony before Congress in which he said SPYING did occur on the Trump 2016 Campaign.” @LouDobbs @FoxNews
House Democrats want to negotiate a $2 TRILLION spending increase but can’t even pass their own plan. We can’t afford it anyway, and it’s not happening!
Too bad that the European Union is being so tough on the United Kingdom and Brexit. The E.U. is likewise a brutal trading paI think what the Democrats are doing with the Border is TREASONOUS. Their Open Border mindset is putting our Country at risk. Will not let this happen!
CONGRATULATIONS to @EricTrump and @LaraLeaTrump on the great news. So proud!
Everybody is now acknowledging that, right from the time I announced my run for President, I was 100% correct on the Border. Remember the heat I took? Democrats should now get rid of the loopholes. The Border is being fixed. Mexico will not let people through!
"The Democrats must end the loopholes on immigration. So easy to solve!
“The underlying issue remains the same without a single American being indicted for Collusion with Russia, &amp, that is a stunning end considering we were led to believe (Fake News) that something much more dramatic would happen. Why did people fall for this?” @TuckerCarlson Molly H
“What’s completely unacceptable is for Congesswoman Omar to target Jews, in this case Stephen Miller.” Jeff Ballabon, B2 Strategic, CEO. @Varneyco
The Mainstream Media has never been more inaccurate or corrupt than it is today. It only seems to get worse. So much Fake News!
....I got along very well with Jerry during the zoning and building process. Then I changed course (slightly), became President, and now I am dealing with Congressman Nadler again. Some things never end, but hopefully it will all go well for everyone. Only time will tell!
Congressman Jerry Nadler fought me for years on a very large development I built on the West Side of Manhattan. He wanted a Rail Yard built underneath the development or even better, to stop the job. He didn’t get either &amp, the development became VERY successful. NeveThe World Trade Organization finds that the European Union subsidies to Airbus has adversely impacted the United States, which will now put Tariffs on $11 Billion of EU products! The EU has taken advantage of the U.S. on trade for many years. It will soon stop!
Congratulations to Virginia - Great game!
The Democrats will never be satisfied, no matter what they get, how much they get, or how many pages they get. It will never end, but that’s the way life goes!
Uganda must find the kidnappers of the American Tourist and guide before people will feel safe in going there. Bring them to justice openly and quickly!
"“Jerry Nadler is not entitled to this information. He is doing this to get it to the Democrat 2020 nominee.” @KatiePavlich
“The reason the whole process seems so politicized is that Democrats made up this complete lie about Collusion ....and none of it happened.” Charles Hu....Mexico must apprehend all illegals and not let them make the long march up to the United States, or we will have no other choice than to Close the Border and/or institute Tariffs. Our Country is FULL!
More apprehensions (captures)at the Southern Border than in many years. Border Patrol amazing! Country is FULL! System has been broken for many years. Democrats in Congress must agree to fix loopholes - No Open Borders (Crimes &amp, Drugs). Will Close Southern Border If necessary...
....I am pleased to announce that Kevin McAleenan, the current U.S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner, will become Acting Secretary for @DHSgov. I have confidence that Kevin will do a great job!
Secretary of Homeland Security Kirstjen Nielsen will be leaving her position, and I would like to thank her for her service....
Pleased to repoLooks like Bob Mueller’s team of 13 Trump Haters &amp, Angry Democrats are illegally leaking information to the press while the Fake News Media make up their own stories with or without sources - sources no longer matter to our corrupt &amp, dishonest Mainstream Media, they are a Joke!
....In the meantime, the Democrats in Congress must help the Republicans (we need their votes) to end the horrible, costly and foolish loopholes in our Immigration Laws. Once that happens, all will be smooth. We can NEVER allow Open Borders!
Why should I be defending a fraudulent Russian Witch Hunt. It’s about time the perpetrators of this fraud on me and the American People staTo every member of the @RJC, thank you for your incredible suppo.... against something I knew never existed, Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous!) - No Obstruction. This Russia Hoax must never happen to another President, and Law Enforcement must find out, HOW DID IT STASo, let’s get this straight! There was No Collusion and in fact the Phony Dossier was a Con Job that was paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. So the 13 Angry Democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up Fraud. I just fought back....
So, let’s get this straight! There was No Collusion and in fact the Phony Dossier was a Con Job that was paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. So the 13 Angry Democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up Fraud. I just fought back....
.....years and $30 million, and they found No Collusion, No Obstruction. But the Democrats, no matter what we give them, will NEVER be satisfied. A total waste of time. As @FrankLuntz has just stated, “Enough, America has had enough. What have you accomplished. Public is fed up.”
"“Collusion was a Hoax from day one.” @dbongino @foxandfriends
“The lowest average jobs number for any President since 1951, 4.1%. Economy doing great. If the Democrats win, it is all over.” @Varneyco @foxandfriends I agree!
Just checked out the new Wall on the Border - GREAT! Leaving now for L.A.
I’ve employed thousands of Electrical Workers. They will be voting for me!
Heading to the Southern Border to show a section of the new Wall being built! Leaving now!
....This will supersede USMCA. Likewise I am looking at an economic penalty for the 500 Billion Dollars in illegal DRUGS that are shipped and smuggled through Mexico and across our Southern Border. Over 100,00 Americans die each year, sooo many families destroyed!
....However, if for any reason Mexico stops apprehending and bringing the illegals back to where they came from, the U.S. will be forced to Tariff at 25% all cars made in Mexico and shipped over the Border to us. If that doesn’t work, which it will, I will close the Border.......
The Crazed and Dishonest Washington Post again purposely got it wrong. Mexico, for the first time in decades, is meaningfully apprehending illegals at THEIR Southern Border, before the long march up to the U.S. This is great and the way it should be. The big flow will stop.......
“Trolling the Mueller RepoI am pleased to announce that Jovita Carranza will be nominated as the new @SBAgov Administrator. She will be replacing Linda McMahon, who has done an outstanding job. Jovita was a great Treasurer of the United States – and I look forward to her joining my Cabinet!
The New York Times had no legitimate sources, which would be totally illegal, concerning the Mueller RepoThere is nothing we can ever give to the Democrats that will make them happy. This is the highest level of Presidential Harassment in the history of our Country!
According to polling, few people seem to care about the Russian Collusion Hoax, but some Democrats are fighting hard to keep the Witch Hunt alive. They should focus on legislation or, even better, an investigation of how the ridiculous Collusion Delusion got staDespite the unnecessary and destructive actions taken by the Fed, the Economy is looking very strong, the China and USMCA deals are moving along nicely, there is little or no Inflation, and USA optimism is very high!
Congress must get together and immediately eliminate the loopholes at the Border! If no action, Border, or large sections of Border, will close. This is a National Emergency!
After many years (decades), Mexico is apprehending large numbers of people at their Southern Border, mostly from Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador. They have ALL been taking U.S. money for years, and doing ABSOLUTELY NOTHING for us, just like the Democrats in Congress!
There is no amount of testimony or document production that can satisfy Jerry Nadler or Shifty Adam Schiff. It is now time to focus exclusively on properly running our great Country!
In 1998, Rep.Jerry Nadler strongly opposed the release of the Starr Repo....The best thing that ever happened to PuePue....the crazed and incompetent Mayor of San Juan have done such a poor job of bringing the Island back to health. 91 Billion Dollars to Pue....are GREAT, but the politicians are incompetent or corrupt. PueThe Democrats today killed a Bill that would have provided great relief to Farmers and yet more money to Pue....back the House. It will be truly great HealthCare that will work for America. Also, Republicans will always suppoThank you to the House Republicans for sticking together and the BIG WIN today on the Border. Today’s vote simply reaffirms Congressional Democrats are the pa....are developing a really great HealthCare Plan with far lower premiums (cost) &amp, deductibles than ObamaCare. In other words it will be far less expensive &amp, much more usable than ObamaCare. Vote will be taken right after the Election when Republicans hold the Senate &amp, win......
Everybody agrees that ObamaCare doesn’t work. Premiums &amp, deductibles are far too high - Really bad HealthCare! Even the Dems want to replace it, but with Medicare for all, which would cause 180 million Americans to lose their beloved private health insurance. The Republicans.....
Democrats should stop fighting Sen. David Perdue’s disaster relief bill. They are blocking funding and relief for our great farmers and rural America!
No matter what information is given to the crazed Democrats from the No Collusion Mueller RepoThe cost of ObamaCare is far too high for our great citizens. The deductibles, in many cases way over $7000, make it almost woCan you believe that the Radical Left Democrats want to do our new and very impoDemocrats, working with Republicans in Congress, can fix the Asylum and other loopholes quickly. We have a major National Emergency at our Border. GET IT DONE NOW!
Now that the long awaited Mueller RepoThe Democrats are allowing a ridiculous asylum system and major loopholes to remain as a mainstay of our immigration system. Mexico is likewise doing NOTHING, a very bad combination for our Country. Homeland Security is being sooo very nice, but not for long!
“Outrageous, it’s the Adam Schiff problem. People abusing the access to classified data to then go out in public and make allegations that didn’t prove to be true. You look at a decision to essentially investigate a political rival. Who made it?” James Freeman, @WSJ
Everybody is asking how the phony and fraudulent investigation of the No Collusion, No Obstruction Trump Campaign began. We need to know for future generations to understand. This Hoax should never be allowed to happen to another President or Administration again!
“The Trump Administration has succeeded in dramatically raising the costs to Iran for its sinister behavior, at no cost to the U.S. or our allies. That’s the definition of a foreign-policy achievement.” Bret Stephens, @nytimes We are getting stronger all over the world, watch!
Mexico must use its very strong immigration laws to stop the many thousands of people trying to get into the USA. Our detention areas are maxed out &amp, we will take no more illegals. Next step is to close the Border! This will also help us with stopping the Drug flow from Mexico!
It would be so easy to fix our weak and very stupid Democrat inspired immigration laws. In less than one hour, and then a vote, the problem would be solved. But the Dems don’t care about the crime, they don’t want any victory for Trump and the Republicans, even if good for USA!
In honor of his past service to our Country, Navy Seal #EddieGallagher will soon be moved to less restrictive confinement while he awaits his day in couA huge thanks to @HeatherNaueSo funny that The New York Times &amp, The Washington Post got a Pulitzer Prize for their coverage (100% NEGATIVE and FAKE!) of Collusion with Russia - And there was No Collusion! So, they were either duped or corrupt? In any event, their prizes should be taken away by the Committee!
...The problem is, no matter what the Radical Left Democrats get, no matter what we give them, it will never be enough. Just watch, they will Harass &amp, Complain &amp, Resist (the theme of their movement). So maybe we should just take our victory and say NO, we’ve got a Country to run!
RobeHad the Fed not mistakenly raised interest rates, especially since there is very little inflation, and had they not done the ridiculously timed quantitative tightening, the 3.0% GDP, &amp, Stock Market, would have both been much higher &amp, World Markets would be in a better place!
Will be interviewed at the Border by @seanhannity on @FoxNews tonight at 9:00. Enjoy!
....the Border, or large sections of the Border, next week. This would be so easy for Mexico to do, but they just take our money and “talk.” Besides, we lose so much money with them, especially when you add in drug trafficking etc.), that the Border closing would be a good thing!
....through their country and our Southern Border. Mexico has for many years made a foThe DEMOCRATS have given us the weakest immigration laws anywhere in the World. Mexico has the strongest, &amp, they make more than $100 Billion a year on the U.S. Therefore, CONGRESS MUST CHANGE OUR WEAK IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW, &amp, Mexico must stop illegals from entering the U.S....
On this Vietnam War Veterans Day, we celebrate the brave Vietnam Veterans and all of America’s Veterans. Thank you for your service to our great Nation!
Very impoWow, ratings for “Morning Joe,” which were really bad in the first place, just “tanked” with the release of the Mueller RepoCongressman Adam Schiff, who spent two years knowingly and unlawfully lying and leaking, should be forced to resign from Congress!
FBI &amp, DOJ to review the outrageous Jussie Smollett case in Chicago. It is an embarrassment to our Nation!
Mexico is doing NOTHING to help stop the flow of illegal immigrants to our Country. They are all talk and no action. Likewise, Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador have taken our money for years, and do Nothing. The Dems don’t care, such BAD laws. May close the Southern Border!
The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They are suffering a major “breakdown,” have ZERO credibility or respect, &amp, must be thinking about going legit. I have learned to live with Fake News, which has never been more corrupt than it is right now. Someday, I will tell you the secret!
....Also discussed political fairness and various things that @Google can do for our Country. Meeting ended very well!
Just met with @SundarPichai, President of @Google, who is obviously doing quite well. He stated strongly that he is totally committed to the U.S. Military, not the Chinese Military....
“I think this is probably the most consequential media screwup of the last 25 to 50 years. It is difficult to comprehend or overstate the damage that the media did to the Country, to their own reputation or to the Constitution. An absolute catastrophe” Sean Davis @TuckerCarlson
“Breaking News: Mueller Repo“The Special Counsel did not find that the Trump Campaign, or anyone associated with it, conspired or coordinated with the Russian Government in these effo“No matter your ideologies or your loyalties, this is a good day for America. No American conspired to cooperate with Russia in its effoNo Collusion, No Obstruction, Complete and Total EXONERATION. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Good Morning, Have A Great Day!
It was announced today by the U.S. Treasury that additional large scale Sanctions would be added to those already existing Sanctions on NoIt is my pleasure to announce that @StephenMoore, a very respected Economist, will be nominated to serve on the Fed Board. I have known Steve for a long time – and have no doubt he will be an outstanding choice!
....There is nothing to admire about them, they will always try to show a glimmer of vicious hope, but they are losers and barely breathing. Think about that before you destroy your lives and the lives of your family!
ISIS uses the internet better than almost anyone, but for all of those susceptible to ISIS propaganda, they are now being beaten badly at every level....
3.1 GDP FOR THE YEAR, BEST NUMBER IN 14 YEARS!
After 52 years it is time for the United States to fully recognize Israel’s Sovereignty over the Golan Heights, which is of critical strategic and security impo“John Solomon: As Russia Collusion fades, Ukrainian plot to help Clinton emerges.” @seanhannity @FoxNews
Leaving the GREAT STATE of OHIO for the @WhiteHouse. A really great day!
Great news from @Ford! They are investing nearly $1 BILLION in Flat Rock, Michigan for auto production on top of a $1 BILLION investment last month in a facility outside of Chicago. Companies are pouring back into the United States - they want to be where the action is!
I am thrilled to be here in Ohio with the hardworking men and women of the Lima Army Tank Plant! We are here today to celebrate a resounding victory for all of you, for NoGeorge Conway, often referred to as Mr. Kellyanne Conway by those who know him, is VERY jealous of his wife’s success &amp, angry that I, with her help, didn’t give him the job he so desperately wanted. I barely know him but just take a look, a stone cold LOSER &amp, husband from hell!
....just the large States - the Cities would end up running the Country. Smaller States &amp, the entire Midwest would end up losing all power - &amp, we can’t let that happen. I used to like the idea of the Popular Vote, but now realize the Electoral College is far better for the U.S.A.
Campaigning for the Popular Vote is much easier &amp, different than campaigning for the Electoral College. It’s like training for the 100 yard dash vs. a marathon. The brilliance of the Electoral College is that you must go to many States to win. With the Popular Vote, you go to....
Amazingly, CNN just released a poll at 71%, saying that the economy is in the best shape since 2001, 18 years! WOW, is CNN becoming a believer?
Facebook, Google and Twitter, not to mention the Corrupt Media, are sooo on the side of the Radical Left Democrats. But fear not, we will win anyway, just like we did before! #MAGA
“You can’t dispel this mood of positive energy.” @Varneyco The Economy is Great!
The Fake News Media has NEVER been more Dishonest or Corrupt than it is right now. There has never been a time like this in American History. Very exciting but also, very sad! Fake News is the absolute Enemy of the People and our Country itself!
GDP growth during the four quaWow! A Suffolk/USA Today Poll, just out, states, “50% of Americans AGREE that RobeThe Fake News Media is working oveJoe Biden got tongue tied over the weekend when he was unable to properly deliver a very simple line about his decision to run for President. Get used to it, another low I.Q. individual!
93% Approval Rating in the Republican Pa....are all coming back to the U.S. So is everyone else. We now have the best Economy in the World, the envy of all. Get that big, beautiful plant in Ohio open now. Close a plant in China or Mexico, where you invested so heavily pre-Trump, but not in the U.S.A. Bring jobs home!
General Motors and the UAW are going to staMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
What the Democrats have done in trying to steal a Presidential Election, first at the “ballot box” and then, after that failed, with the “Insurance Policy,” is the biggest Scandal in the history of our Country!
Just spoke to Mary Barra, CEO of General Motors about the Lordstown Ohio plant. I am not happy that it is closed when everything else in our Country is BOOMING. I asked her to sell it or do something quickly. She blamed the UAW Union — I don’t care, I just want it open!
All paThose Republican Senators who voted in favor of Strong Border Security (and the Wall) are being uniformly praised as they return to their States. They know there is a National Emergency at the Southern Border, and they had the courage to ACT. Great job!
Were @FoxNews weekend anchors, @ADemocrat UAW Local 1112 President David Green ought to get his act together and produce. G.M. let our Country down, but other much better car companies are coming into the U.S. in droves. I want action on Lordstown fast. Stop complaining and get the job done! 3.8% Unemployment!
....to the people that got you there. Keep fighting for Tucker, and fight hard for @JudgeJeanine. Your competitors are jealous - they all want what you’ve got - NUMBER ONE. Don’t hand it to them on a silver platter. They can’t beat you, you can only beat yourselves!
....must stay strong and fight back with vigor. Stop working soooo hard on being politically correct, which will only bring you down, and continue to fight for our Country. The losers all want what you have, don’t give it to them. Be strong &amp, prosper, be weak &amp, die! Stay true....
So it was indeed (just proven in couSo it was indeed (just proven in couRepo....Should Federal Election Commission and/or FCC look into this? There must be Collusion with the Democrats and, of course, Russia! Such one sided media coverage, most of it Fake News. Hard to believe I won and am winning. Approval Rating 52%, 93% with Republicans. Sorry! #MAGA
It’s truly incredible that shows like Saturday Night Live, not funny/no talent, can spend all of their time knocking the same person (me), over &amp, over, without so much of a mention of “the other side.” Like an adveHow is the Paris Environmental Accord working out for France? After 18 weeks of rioting by the Yellow Vest Protesters, I guess not so well! In the meantime, the United States has gone to the top of all lists on the Environment.
Google is helping China and their military, but not the U.S. Terrible! The good news is that they helped Crooked Hillary Clinton, and not Trump....and how did that turn out?
Because the economy is so good, General Motors must get their Lordstown, Ohio, plant open, maybe in a different form or with a new owner, FAST! Toyota is investing 13.5 $Billion in U.S., others likewise. G.M. MUST ACT QUICKLY. Time is of the essence!
"Mark Morgan, Former Border Patrol Chief with great experience in Law Enforcement, really understands the subjects of Immigration and the Border. Thank you Mark! @foxandfriends
Just spoke w/ @GovRicketts. The people of Nebraska &amp, across the Midwest, especially the Farmers &amp, Ranchers, are feeling the impacts from severe weather. The first responders &amp, emergency response teams have done a great job dealing w/ record flooding, high winds, &amp, road closures.
....that we stand in solidarity with New Zealand – and that any assistance the U.S.A. can give, we stand by ready to help. We love you New Zealand!
Just spoke with Jacinda Ardern, the Prime Minister of New Zealand, regarding the horrific events that have taken place over the past 24 hours. I informed the Prime Minister....
I’d like to thank all of the Great Republican Senators who bravely voted for Strong Border Security and the WALL. This will help stop Crime, Human Trafficking, and Drugs entering our Country. Watch, when you get back to your State, they will LOVE you more than ever before!
.....THIS SHOULD NEVER HAPPEN TO A PRESIDENT AGAIN!
....should never have been appointed and there should be no Mueller RepoSo, if there was knowingly &amp, acknowledged to be “zero” crime when the Special Counsel was appointed, and if the appointment was made based on the Fake Dossier (paid for by Crooked Hillary) and now disgraced Andrew McCabe (he &amp, all stated no crime), then the Special Counsel.......
“New evidence that the Obama era team of the FBI, DOJ &amp, CIA were working together to Spy on (and take out) President Trump, all the way back in 2015.” A transcript of Peter Strzok’s testimony is devastating. Hopefully the Mueller RepoThe ‘Jexodus’ movement encourages Jewish people to leave the Democrat PaMy warmest sympathy and best wishes goes out to the people of New Zealand after the horrible massacre in the Mosques. 49 innocent people have so senselessly died, with so many more seriously injured. The U.S. stands by New Zealand for anything we can do. God bless all!
I look forward to VETOING the just passed Democrat inspired Resolution which would OPEN BORDERS while increasing Crime, Drugs, and Trafficking in our Country. I thank all of the Strong Republicans who voted to suppoVETO!
A vote for today’s resolution by Republican Senators is a vote for Nancy Pelosi, Crime, and the Open Border Democrats!
....If, at a later date, Congress wants to update the law, I will suppoProminent legal scholars agree that our actions to address the National Emergency at the Southern Border and to protect the American people are both CONSTITUTIONAL and EXPRESSLY authorized by Congress....
The three very weak and untalented late night “hosts” are “fighting over table scraps. Carson did a great job, it wasn’t political. I don’t know what they’re going to do in 2024 when he’s no longer President? Will be wacky in the unemployment line.” Michael Loftus @foxandfriends
The Democrats are “Border Deniers.” They refuse to see or acknowledge the Death, Crime, Drugs and Human Trafficking at our Southern Border!
My Administration looks forward to negotiating a large scale Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. The potential is unlimited!
A big National Emergency vote today by The United States Senate on Border Security &amp, the Wall (which is already under major construction). I am prepared to veto, if necessary. The Southern Border is a National Security and Humanitarian Nightmare, but it can be easily fixed!
“Democrats are frantic to throw something else at the President. That’s why you saw those 81 subpoenas. It’s ridiculous. Just because your still upset over an election that happened 2 1/2 years ago, you should not be allowed to ruin people’s lives like this.” Lara Trump, @FoxNews
“The Lisa Page (FBI) transcript also confirms earlier repo“Double Standard - Former FBI lawyer (Lisa Page) admits being told to go easy on Clinton.” Very unfair! @FoxNews
Democrats will have a unanimous vote on a 20% issue in opposing Republican Senators tomorrow. The Dems are for Open Borders and Crime!
Comey testified (under oath) that it was a “unanimous” decision on Crooked Hillary. Lisa Page transcripts show he LIED. @jasoninthehouse
The Fake News photoshopped pictures of Melania, then propelled conspiracy theories that it’s actually not her by my side in Alabama and other places. They are only getting more deranged with time!
The just revealed FBI Agent Lisa Page transcripts make the Obama Justice DepaDefying voters, the Governor of California will halt all death penalty executions of 737 stone cold killers. Friends and families of the always forgotten VICTIMS are not thrilled, and neither am I!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“Jay Leno points out that comedy (on the very boring late night shows) is totally one-sided. It’s tough when there’s only one topic.” @foxandfriends Actually, the one-sided hatred on these shows is incredible and for me, unwatchable. But remember, WE are number one - President!
....a man who is considered by many to be the President with the most successful first two years in history, especially when he has done nothing wrong and impeachment is for “high crimes and misdemeanors”?
I greatly appreciate Nancy Pelosi’s statement against impeachment, but everyone must remember the minor fact that I never did anything wrong, the Economy and Unemployment are the best ever, Military and Vets are great - and many other successes! How do you impeach....
So many records being set with respect to our Economy. Unemployment numbers among BEST EVER. A beautiful thing to watch!
All paAll paNew York State and its Governor, Andrew Cuomo, are now proud members of the group of PRESIDENTIAL HARASSERS. No wonder people are fleeing the State in record numbers. The Witch Hunt continues!
....needed, and the complexity creates danger. All of this for great cost yet very little gain. I don’t know about you, but I don’t want AlbeAirplanes are becoming far too complex to fly. Pilots are no longer needed, but rather computer scientists from MIT. I see it all the time in many products. Always seeking to go one unnecessary step fuPatrick Moore, co-founder of Greenpeace: “The whole climate crisis is not only Fake News, it’s Fake Science. There is no climate crisis, there’s weather and climate all around the world, and in fact carbon dioxide is the main building block of all life.” @foxandfriends Wow!
“Jewish people are leaving the Democratic PaRepublican Senators have a very easy vote this week. It is about Border Security and the Wall (stopping Crime, Drugs etc.), not Constitutionality and Precedent. It is an 80% positive issue. The Dems are 100% United, as usual, on a 20% issue, Open Borders and Crime. Get tough R’s!
At a recent round table meeting of business executives, &amp, long after formally introducing Tim Cook of Apple, I quickly referred to Tim + Apple as Tim/Apple as an easy way to save time &amp, words. The Fake News was disparagingly all over this, &amp, it became yet another bad Trump story!
“There’s not one shred of evidence that President Trump has done anything wrong.” @GrahamLedger One America News. So true, a total Witch Hunt - All staMore people are working today in the United States, 158,000,000, than at any time in our Country’s history. That is a Big Deal!
Despite the most hostile and corrupt media in the history of American politics, the Trump Administration has accomplished more in its first two years than any other Administration. Judges, biggest Tax &amp, Regulation Cuts, V.A. Choice, Best Economy, Lowest Unemployment &amp, much more!
"“Donald Trump’s Approval Rating is at or near his highest level ever. The media is not being honest about what is happening in this Country.” Jesse Watters
....and renovated, with MUCH MORE to follow shoWacky Nut Job @AnnCoulter, who still hasn’t figured out that, despite all odds and an entire Democrat PaI hope the grandstanding Governor of California is able to spend his very highly taxed citizens money on asylum holds more efficiently than money has been spent on the so-called Fast Train, which is $Billions over budget &amp, in total disarray. Time to reduce taxes in California!
Border Patrol and Law Enforcement has apprehended (captured) large numbers of illegal immigrants at the Border. They won’t be coming into the U.S. The Wall is being built and will greatly help us in the future, and now!
.@RepMikeTurner “The only time that Michael Cohen told the truth is when he pled that he is guilty.” Also when he said no collusion and I did not tell him to lie!”
Aluminum prices are down 12% since I instituted Tariffs on Aluminum Dumping - and the U.S. will be taking in Billions, plus jobs. Nice!
"....as Secretary of the Air Force, and I know she will be equally great in the very impoCongratulations to Heather Wilson, who is the sole finalist to become the next President of University of Texas at El Paso effective September 1, 2019. Heather has done an absolutely fantastic job...
Bad lawyer and fraudster Michael Cohen said under sworn testimony that he never asked for a Pardon. His lawyers totally contradicted him. He lied! Additionally, he directly asked me for a pardon. I said NO. He lied again! He also badly wanted to work at the White House. He lied!
Heading now to the Great State of Alabama!
“Andrew McCabe gave absolutely no evidence of any threat to substantiate his ABSURD claim.” @LouDobbs
Women’s unemployment rate is down to 3.6% - was 7.9% in January, 2011. Things are looking good!
We are apprehending record numbers of illegal immigrants - but we need the Wall to help our great Border Patrol Agents!
“This is as good a time as I can remember to be an American Worker. We have the strongest economy in the world.” StuaBoth the Judge and the lawyer in the Paul ManafoPRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
I cannot believe the level of dishonesty in the media. It is totally out of control, but we are winning!
Thank you @foxandfriends. Great show!
The Wall is being built and is well under construction. Big impact will be made. Many additional contracts are close to being signed. Far ahead of schedule despite all of the Democrat Obstruction and Fake News!
Breaking News @MSNBC: “Cohen’s lawyer contradicts Cohen’s testimony about never seeking a Presidential Pardon.”
We are on track to APPREHEND more than one million people coming across the Southern Border this year. Great job by Border Patrol (and others) who are working in a Broken System. Can be fixed by Congress so easily and quickly if only the Democrats would get on board!
It was not a campaign contribution, and there were no violations of the campaign finance laws by me. Fake News!
Democrats just blocked @FoxNews from holding a debate. Good, then I think I’ll do the same thing with the Fake News Networks and the Radical Left Democrats in the General Election debates!
Wall Street Journal: “More migrant families crossing into the U.S. illegally have been arrested in the first five months of the federal fiscal year than in any prior full year.” We are doing a great job at the border, but this is a National Emergency!
It is shameful that House Democrats won’t take a stronger stand against Anti-Semitism in their conference. Anti-Semitism has fueled atrocities throughout history and it’s inconceivable they will not act to condemn it!
Senate Republicans are not voting on constitutionality or precedent, they are voting on desperately needed Border Security &amp, the Wall. Our Country is being invaded with Drugs, Human Traffickers, &amp, Criminals of all shapes and sizes. That’s what this vote is all about. STAY UNITED!
“(Crooked) Hillary Clinton confirms she will not run in 2020, rules out a third bid for White House.” Aw-shucks, does that mean I won’t get to run against her again? She will be sorely missed!
....Scott has helped us to lower drug prices, get a record number of generic drugs approved and onto the market, and so many other things. He and his talents will be greatly missed!
Scott Gottlieb, who has done an absolutely terrific job as Commissioner of the FDA, plans to leave government service sometime next month....
Our great First Lady (@FLOTUS) will be doing a LIVE show TODAY at 1:00 PM PT with the terrific @EricBolling at the @WestgateVegas ResoRepublican Approval Rating just hit 93%. Sorry Haters! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
The greatest overreach in the history of our Country. The Dems are obstructing justice and will not get anything done. A big, fat, fishing expedition desperately in search of a crime, when in fact the real crime is what the Dems are doing, and have done!
“HIV Is Cured In 2nd Patient, Doctors RepoNow that they realize the only Collusion with Russia was done by Crooked Hillary Clinton &amp, the Democrats, Nadler, Schiff and the Dem heads of the Committees have gone stone cold CRAZY. 81 letter sent to innocent people to harass them. They won’t get ANYTHING done for our Country!
Representative Ilhan Omar is again under fire for her terrible comments concerning Israel. Jewish groups have just sent a petition to Speaker Pelosi asking her to remove Omar from Foreign Relations Committee. A dark day for Israel!
“We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCa“We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCathyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.” @seanhannity
.... Amazon, like the Washington Post. It’s hard to remember that not so long ago America had prestige media outlets, but not anymore.” @TuckerCarlson The Fake News Media is the true Enemy of the People!
“The American Media has changed forever. News organizations that seemed like a big deal are now extinct. Those that remain have now degraded themselves beyond recognition, like the New Yorker - or they’ve been purchased by Jeff Bezos to conduct unregistered lobbying for.........
"“There is no Collusion. All of these investigations are in search of a crime. Democrats have no evidence to impeach President Trump. Ridiculous!” @DevinNunes @FoxNews
"“Now that the Dems are going to try &amp, switch from Collusion to some other reason, it makes them continue to look like sore losers who didn’t accept the WILL OF THE PEOPLE in the last election - they will do anything to get rid of the President.” @AriFleischer It will never work!
The military drills, or war games as I call them, were never even discussed in my mtg w/ Kim Jong Un of NK—FAKE NEWS! I made that decision long ago because it costs the U.S. far too much money to have those “games”, especially since we are not reimbursed for the tremendous cost!
FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. @GovernorKayIvey, one of the best in our Country, has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA (and me!).
FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. @GovIvey, one of the best in our Country, has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA (and me!).
To the great people of Alabama and surrounding areas: Please be careful and safe. Tornadoes and storms were truly violent and more could be coming. To the families and friends of the victims, and to the injured, God bless you all!
Schumer &amp, the Democrats are huFor the Democrats to interview in open hearings a convicted liar &amp, fraudster, at the same time as the very impo....President. We are WINNING big, the envy of the WORLD, but just think what it could be?
Presidential Harassment by “crazed” Democrats at the highest level in the history of our Country. Likewise, the most vicious and corrupt Mainstream Media that any president has ever had to endure - Yet the most successful first two years for any
The reason I do not want military drills with South Korea is to save hundreds of millions of dollars for the U.S. for which we are not reimbursed. That was my position long before I became President. Also, reducing tensions with NoMy wonderful daughter, Ivanka, will be interviewed tonight by Steve Hilton on “The Next Revolution.” @FoxNews 9:00 P.M. She works so hard and has achieved so much for the U.S.A.(and gets so little credit!). Then watch Mark Levin at 10:00 P.M., a great show!
“Look how they’re acting now and how we act when we’re in the majority. What the Democrats are doing is an abuse of power. They couldn’t find anything...they took a Fake Dossier &amp, couldn’t find any Collusion. Now they have a fake witness in Cohen.” Congressman Mark Green, (R-TN).
After more than two years of Presidential Harassment, the only things that have been proven is that Democrats and other broke the law. The hostile Cohen testimony, given by a liar to reduce his prison time, proved no Collusion! His just written book manuscript showed what he.....
We’ve got NASA “rocking” again. Great activity and success. Congrats to SPACEX and all!
The brand new manuscript for a new book by failed lawyer Michael Cohen shows his testimony was a total lie! Pundits should only use it.
Will be speaking at CPAC at 11:30 this morning. Record crowd, live broadcast. Enjoy!
Very proud of perhaps the greatest golf course anywhere in the world. Also, fu....and I did not increase their second traunch of Tariffs to 25% on March 1st. This is very impoI have asked China to immediately remove all Tariffs on our agricultural products (including beef, pork, etc.) based on the fact that we are moving along nicely with Trade discussions....
....for Otto’s mistreatment and death. Most impoI never like being misinterpreted, but especially when it comes to Otto Warmbier and his great family. Remember, I got Otto out along with three others. The previous Administration did nothing, and he was taken on their watch. Of course I hold NoMichael Cohen’s book manuscript shows that he committed perjury on a scale not seen before. He must have forgotten about his book when he testified. What does Hillary Clinton’s lawyer, Lanny Davis, say about this one. Is he being paid by Crooked Hillary. Using her lawyer?
...and the fraudulent and dishonest statements he made on Wednesday. No way, it’s time to stop this corrupt and illegally brought Witch Hunt. Time to staOh’ I see! Now that the 2 year Russian Collusion case has fallen apaCongress must demand the transcript of Michael Cohen’s new book, given to publishers a shoWow, just revealed that Michael Cohen wrote a “love letter to Trump” manuscript for a new book that he was pushing. Written and submitted long after Charlottesville and Helsinki, his phony reasons for going rogue. Book is exact opposite of his fake testimony, which now is a lie!
Great to be back from Vietnam, an amazing place. We had very substantive negotiations with Kim Jong Un - we know what they want and they know what we must have. Relationship very good, let’s see what happens!
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Everyone MUST watch the opening to @TuckerCarlson - A Classic! @foxnews
Great meetings and dinner tonight in Vietnam with Kim Jong Un of NoAll false repoFiat Chrysler will be adding more than 6,500 JOBS in Michigan (Detroit area), doubling its hourly workforce as paMichael Cohen was one of many lawyers who represented me (unfoI have now spent more time in Vietnam than Da Nang Dick Blumenthal, the third rate Senator from Connecticut (how is Connecticut doing?). His war stories of his heroism in Vietnam were a total fraud - he was never even there. We talked about it today with Vietnamese leaders!
The Democrats should stop talking about what I should do with NoVietnam is thriving like few places on eaJust arrived in Vietnam. Thank you to all of the people for the great reception in Hanoi. Tremendous crowds, and so much love!
....This will be remembered as one of the most shocking votes in the history of Congress. If there is one thing we should all agree on, it’s protecting the lives of innocent babies.
Senate Democrats just voted against legislation to prevent the killing of newborn infant children. The Democrat position on aboIf a deal is made with China, our great American Farmers will be treated better than they have ever been treated before!
Heading over to Vietnam for my meeting with Kim Jong Un. Looking forward to a very productive Summit!
China Trade Deal (and more) in advanced stages. Relationship between our two Countries is very strong. I have therefore agreed to delay U.S. tariff hikes. Let’s see what happens?
...our foreign pa...Danny’s recovery reflects the best of what the United States &amp, its paIt is my honor today to announce that Danny Burch, a United States citizen who has been held hostage in Yemen for 18 months, has been recovered and reunited with his wife and children. I appreciate the suppoCongratulations to @DJohnsonPGA on his 20th PGA Tour WIN. Not only is Dustin a truly great golfer, he is a wonderful guy. Big year ahead for Dustin!
Since my election as President the Dow Jones is up 43% and the NASDAQ Composite almost 50%. Great news for your 401(k)s as they continue to grow. We are bringing back America faster than anyone thought possible!
“Why on eaI hope our great Republican Senators don’t get led down the path of weak and ineffective Border Security. Without strong Borders, we don’t have a Country - and the voters are on board with us. Be strong and smaFormer Senator Harry Reid (he got thrown out) is working hard to put a good spin on his failed career. He led through lies and deception, only to be replaced by another beauty, Cryin’ Chuck Schumer. Some things just never change!
Meeting for breakfast with our Nation’s Governors - then off to Vietnam for a very impoOil prices getting too high. OPEC, please relax and take it easy. World cannot take a price hike - fragile!
Be nice if Spike Lee could read his notes, or better yet not have to use notes at all, when doing his racist hit on your President, who has done more for African Americans (Criminal Justice Reform, Lowest Unemployment numbers in History, Tax Cuts,etc.) than almost any other Pres!
We have a State of Emergency at our Southern Border. Border Patrol, our Military and local Law Enforcement are doing a great job, but without the Wall, which is now under major construction, you cannot have Border Security. Drugs, Gangs and Human Trafficking must be stopped!
....productive talks, I will be delaying the U.S. increase in tariffs now scheduled for March 1. Assuming both sides make additional progress, we will be planning a Summit for President Xi and myself, at Mar-a-Lago, to conclude an agreement. A very good weekend for U.S. &amp, China!
I am pleased to repoSo funny to watch people who have failed for years, they got NOTHING, telling me how to negotiate with NoThe only Collusion with the Russians was with Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee...And, where’s the Server that the DNC refused to give to the FBI? Where are the new Texts between Agent Lisa Page and her Agent lover, Peter S? We want them now!
93% Approval Rating in the Republican PaPoll: Suburban women are coming back into the Republican PaChairman Kim realizes, perhaps better than anyone else, that without nuclear weapons, his country could fast become one of the great economic powers anywhere in the World. Because of its location and people (and him), it has more potential for rapid growth than any other nation!
“There’s not one shred of evidence that this president’s done anything Constitutionally (or anything else) wrong.” Graham Ledger. Thank you Graham, so true!
There is far more ENERGY on the Right than there is on the Left. That’s why we just won the Senate and why we will win big in 2020. The Fake News just doesn’t want to repoGod Bless the people of Venezuela!
Great new book: “The Case For Trump” by Victor Davis Hanson, Hoover Senior Fellow.
....Kelly has done an outstanding job representing our Nation and I have no doubt that, under her leadership, our Country will be represented at the highest level. Congratulations to Kelly and her entire family!
I am pleased to announce that Kelly Knight Craft, our current Ambassador to Canada, is being nominated to be United States Ambassador to the United Nations....
Highly respected Senator Richard Burr, head of Senate Intelligence, said, after interviewing over 200 witnesses and studying over 2 million pages of documents, “WE HAVE FOUND NO COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA.” The Witch Hunt, so bad for our Country, must end!
Senator John Cornyn has done an outstanding job for the people of Texas. He is strong on Crime, the Border, the Second Amendment and loves our Military and Vets. John has my complete and total endorsement. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@JussieSmollett - what about MAGA and the tens of millions of people you insulted with your racist and dangerous comments!? #MAGA
....something that is so obviously the future. I want the United States to win through competition, not by blocking out currently more advanced technologies. We must always be the leader in everything we do, especially when it comes to the very exciting world of technology!
I want 5G, and even 6G, technology in the United States as soon as possible. It is far more powerful, faster, and smaI have instructed Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, and he fully agrees, not to allow Hoda Muthana back into the Country!
California now wants to scale back their already failed “fast train” project by substantially shoThe New York Times repo“If thinking that James Comey is not a good FBI Director is tantamount to being an agent of Russia, than just list all the people that are agents of Russia - Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Rod Rosenstein who wrote the memo to get rid of Comey, the Inspector General....” Trey Gowdy
“The Washington Post ignored basic journalistic standards because it wanted to advance its well-known and easily documented biased agenda against President Donald J. Trump.” Covington student suing WAPO. Go get them Nick. Fake News!
The Press has never been more dishonest than it is today. Stories are written that have absolutely no basis in fact. The writers don’t even call asking for verification. They are totally out of control. Sadly, I kept many of them in business. In six years, they all go BUST!
Crazy Bernie has just entered the race. I wish him well!
I never said anything bad about Andrew McCabe’s wife other than she (they) should not have taken large amounts of campaign money from a Crooked Hillary source when Clinton was under investigation by the FBI. I never called his wife a loser to him (another McCabe made up lie)!
The Washington Post is a Fact Checker only for the Democrats. For the Republicans, and for your all time favorite President, it is a Fake Fact Checker!
The failed Fast Train project in California, where the cost overruns are becoming world record setting, is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!
As I predicted, 16 states, led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left, have filed a lawsuit in, of course, the 9th Circuit! California, the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train, with no hope of completion, seems in charge!
The failed Fast Train project in California, were the cost overruns are becoming world record setting, is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!
As I predicted, 16 cities, led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left, have filed a lawsuit in, of course, the 9th Circuit! California, the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train, with no hope of completion, seems in charge!
Had the opposition pa“....(The Witch Hunt) in time likely will become recognized as the greatest scandal in American political history, marking the first occasion in which the U.S. government bureaucrats sought to oveRemember this, Andrew McCabe didn’t go to the bathroom without the approval of Leakin’ James Comey!
I ask every member of the Maduro regime: End this nightmare of poveThe people of Venezuela are standing for FREEDOM and DEMOCRACY – and the United States of America is standing right by their side!
We are here to proclaim that a new day is coming in Latin America. In Venezuela and across the Western Hemisphere, Socialism is DYING - and libeHope you are enjoying your President’s Day, our Country is making unprecedented progress!
“This was an illegal coup attempt on the President of the United States.” Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends True!
....There is a lot of explaining to do to the millions of people who had just elected a president who they really like and who has done a great job for them with the Military, Vets, Economy and so much more. This was the illegal and treasonous “insurance policy” in full action!
Wow, so many lies by now disgraced acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe. He was fired for lying, and now his story gets even more deranged. He and Rod Rosenstein, who was hired by Jeff Sessions (another beauty), look like they were planning a very illegal act, and got caught.....
“After two years and interviewing more than two hundred witnesses, the Senate Intelligence Committee has NOT discovered any direct evidence of a conspiracy between the Trump Campaign and Russia.” Ken Dilanian @NBCNews
William Barr is arriving at a Justice DepaThe Mueller investigation is totally conflicted, illegal and rigged! Should never have been allowed to begin, except for the Collusion and many crimes committed by the Democrats. Witch Hunt!
“These guys, the investigators, ought to be in jail. What they have done, working with the Obama intelligence agencies, is simply unprecedented. This is one of the greatest political hoaxes ever perpetrated on the people of this Country, and Mueller is a coverup.” Rush Limbaugh
THE RIGGED AND CORRUPT MEDIA IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Nothing funny about tired Saturday Night Live on Fake News NBC! Question is, how do the Networks get away with these total Republican hit jobs without retribution? Likewise for many other shows? Very unfair and should be looked into. This is the real Collusion!
52% Approval Rating, 93% in Republican PaDemocrats in the Senate are still slow walking hundreds of highly qualified people wanting to come into government. Never been such an abuse in our country’s history. Mitch should not let Senate go home until all are approved. We need our Ambassadors and all others NOW!
Impo....Will be getting almost $23 BILLION for Border Security. Regardless of Wall money, it is being built as we speak!
....The U.S. does not want to watch as these ISIS fighters permeate Europe, which is where they are expected to go. We do so much, and spend so much - Time for others to step up and do the job that they are so capable of doing. We are pulling back after 100% Caliphate victory!
The United States is asking Britain, France, Germany and other European allies to take back over 800 ISIS fighters that we captured in Syria and put them on trial. The Caliphate is ready to fall. The alternative is not a good one in that we will be forced to release them........
Trade negotiators have just returned from China where the meetings on Trade were very productive. Now at meetings with me at Mar-a-Lago giving the details. In the meantime, Billions of Dollars are being paid to the United States by China in the form of Trade Tariffs!
BUILDING THE WALL!
“Trying to use the 25th Amendment to try and circumvent the Election is a despicable act of unconstitutional power grabbing...which happens in third world countries. You have to obey the law. This is an attack on our system &amp, Constitution.” Alan Dershowitz. @TuckerCarlson
“After The Flight 93 Election, The Vote That Saved America - And What We Still Have To Lose,” by very talented Michael Anton, is a terrific read. Check it out!
Reviewing the funding bill with my team at the @WhiteHouse!
funding bill
....Many of the top FBI brass were fired, forced to leave, or left. McCabe’s wife received BIG DOLLARS from Clinton people for her campaign - he gave Hillary a pass. McCabe is a disgrace to the FBI and a disgrace to our Country. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Disgraced FBI Acting Director Andrew McCabe pretends to be a “poor little Angel” when in fact he was a big paCalifornia has been forced to cancel the massive bullet train project after having spent and wasted many billions of dollars. They owe the Federal Government three and a half billion dollars. We want that money back now. Whole project is a “green” disaster!
The Gallup Poll just announced that 69% of our great citizens expect their finances to improve next year, a 16 year high. Nice!
The Senate Intelligence Committee: THERE IS NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA!
I want to thank all Republicans for the work you have done in dealing with the Radical Left on Border Security. Not an easy task, but the Wall is being built and will be a great achievement and contributor toward life and safety within our Country!
Was just presented the concept and parameters of the Border Security Deal by hard working Senator Richard Shelby. Looking over all aspects knowing that this will be hooked up with lots of money from other sources....
Will be heading to El Paso very soon. Big speech on Border Security and much else tonight. Tremendous crowd! See you later!
The Democrats are so self righteous and ANGRY! Loosen up and have some fun. The Country is doing well!
The Democrats do not want us to detain, or send back, criminal aliens! This is a brand new demand. Crazy!
No president ever worked harder than me (cleaning up the mess I inherited)!
“Fact checkers have become Fake News.” @JesseBWatters So True!
The U.S. will soon control 100% of ISIS territory in Syria. @CNN (do you believe this?).
"Well, it happened again. Amy Klobuchar announced that she is running for President, talking proudly of fighting global warming while standing in a viThe Border Committee Democrats are behaving, all of a sudden, irrationally. Not only are they unwilling to give dollars for the obviously needed Wall (they overrode recommendations of Border Patrol expe“President is on sound legal ground to declare a National Emergency. There have been 58 National Emergencies declared since the law was enacted in 1976, and 31 right now that are currently active, so this is hardly unprecedented.” Congressman @tommcclintock
....The fact is, when I took over as President, our Country was a mess. Depleted Military, Endless Wars, a potential War with NoThe media was able to get my work schedule, something very easy to do, but it should have been repoIt was a very bad week for the Democrats, with the GREAT economic numbers, The Virginia disaster and the State of the Union address. Now, with the terrible offers being made by them to the Border Committee, I actually believe they want a Shutdown. They want a new subject!
I don’t think the Dems on the Border Committee are being allowed by their leaders to make a deal. They are offering very little money for the desperately needed Border Wall &amp, now, out of the blue, want a cap on convicted violent felons to be held in detention!
Gallup Poll: “Open Borders will potentially attract 42 million Latin Americans.” This would be a disaster for the U.S. We need the Wall now!
African Americans are very angry at the double standard on full display in Virginia!
Senator Richard Burr, The Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, just announced that after almost two years, more than two hundred interviews, and thousands of documents, they have found NO COLLUSION BETWEEN TRUMP AND RUSSIA! Is anybody really surprised by this?
I think it is very impoToday Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to by me as Pocahontas, joined the race for President. Will she run as our first Native American presidential candidate, or has she decided that after 32 years, this is not playing so well anymore? See you on the campaign TRAIL, Liz!
The Democrats just don’t seem to want Border Security. They are fighting Border Agents recommendations. If you believe news repoWe have a great economy DESPITE the Obama Administration and all of its job killing Regulations and Roadblocks. If that thinking prevailed in the 2016 Election, the U.S. would be in a Depression right now! We were heading down, and don’t let the Democrats sound bites fool you!
The Democrats in Congress yesterday were vicious and totally showed their cards for everyone to see. When the Republicans had the Majority they never acted with such hatred and scorn! The Dems are trying to win an election in 2020 that they know they cannot legitimately win!
It was great meeting some of our outstanding young military personnel who were wounded in both Syria and Afghanistan. Their wounds are deep but their spirit is sooo high. They will recoverer &amp, be back very soon. America loves them. Walter Reed Hospital is AMAZING - Thank you all!
NoMy representatives have just left NoI was a big fan of Frank Robinson, both as a great player and man. He was the first African American manager in baseball and was highly respected at everything he did. He will he missed!
...It is all a GIANT AND ILLEGAL HOAX, developed long before the election itself, but used as an excuse by the Democrats as to why Crooked Hillary Clinton lost the Election! Someday the Fake News Media will turn honest &amp, repoThe mainstream media has refused to cover the fact that the head of the VERY impoNow we find out that Adam Schiff was spending time together in Aspen with Glenn Simpson of GPS Fusion, who wrote the fake and discredited Dossier, even though Simpson was testifying before Schiff. John Solomon of @thehill
Not only did Senator Burr’s Committee find No Collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia, it’s impoHighly respected Senator Richard Burr, Chairman of Senate Intelligence, said today that, after an almost two year investigation, he saw no evidence of Russia collusion. “We don’t have anything that would suggest there was collusion by the Trump campaign and Russia.” Thank you!
So nice how well my State of the Union speech was received. Thank you to all!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT! It should never be allowed to happen again!
Democrats at the top are killing the Great State of Virginia. If the three failing pols were Republicans, far stronger action would be taken. Virginia will come back HOME Republican) in 2020!
....The Dems and their committees are going “nuts.” The Republicans never did this to President Obama, there would be no time left to run government. I hear other committee heads will do the same thing. Even stealing people who work at White House! A continuation of Witch Hunt!
So now Congressman Adam Schiff announces, after having found zero Russian Collusion, that he is going to be looking at every aspect of my life, both financial and personal, even though there is no reason to be doing so. Never happened before! Unlimited Presidential Harassment....
I see Schumer is already criticizing my State of the Union speech, even though he hasn’t seen it yet. He’s just upset that he didn’t win the Senate, after spending a foTremendous numbers of people are coming up through Mexico in the hopes of flooding our Southern Border. We have sent additional military. We will build a Human Wall if necessary. If we had a real Wall, this would be a non-event!
I am pleased to announce that David Bernhardt, Acting Secretary of the Interior, will be nominated as Secretary of the Interior. David has done a fantastic job from the day he arrived, and we look forward to having his nomination officially confirmed!
With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country, Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall, there is no Security. Human Trafficking, Drugs and Criminals of all dimensions - KEEP OUT!
Everyone is asking how Tiger played yesterday. The answer is Great! He was long, straight &amp, putted fantastically well. He shot a 64. Tiger is back &amp, will be winning Majors again! Not surprisingly, Jack also played really well. His putting is amazing! Jack &amp, Tiger like each other.
I will be interviewed Sunday morning on @FaceTheNation and prior to the Super Bowl on @CBS at 3:30 P.M. Enjoy!
Best January for the DOW in over 30 years. We have, by far, the strongest economy in the world!
....after 18 long years. Syria was loaded with ISIS until I came along. We will soon have destroyed 100% of the Caliphate, but will be watching them closely. It is now time to staI inherited a total mess in Syria and Afghanistan, the “Endless Wars” of unlimited spending and death. During my campaign I said, very strongly, that these wars must finally end. We spend $50 Billion a year in Afghanistan and have hit them so hard that we are now talking peace...
Nellie Ohr, the wife of DOJ official Bruce Ohr, was long ago investigating for pay (GPS Fusion) members of my family, feeding it to her husband who was then giving it to the FBI, even though it was created by ousted &amp, discredited Christopher Steele. Illegal! WITCH HUNT
Just out: The big deal, very mysterious Don jr telephone calls, after the innocent Trump Tower meeting, that the media &amp, Dems said were made to his father (me), were just conclusively found NOT to be made to me. They were made to friends &amp, business associates of Don. Really sad!
Our great U.S. Border Patrol Agents made the biggest Fentanyl bust in our Country’s history. Thanks, as always, for a job well done!
....I would suggest you read the COMPLETE testimony from Tuesday. A false narrative is so bad for our Country. I value our intelligence community. Happily, we had a very good meeting, and we are all on the same page!
Very sadly, Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33% from 2017, to 33,341. This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crisis taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country. Worse even than Afghanistan. Much caused by DRUGS. Wall is being built!
Schumer and the Democrats are big fans of being weak and passive with Iran. They have no clue as to the danger they would be inflicting on our Country. Iran is in financial chaos now because of the sanctions and Iran Deal termination. Dems put us in a bad place - but now good!
Looking for China to open their Markets not only to Financial Services, which they are now doing, but also to our Manufacturing, Farmers and other U.S. businesses and industries. Without this a deal would be unacceptable!
More troops being sent to the Southern Border to stop the attempted Invasion of Illegals, through large Caravans, into our Country. We have stopped the previous Caravans, and we will stop these also. With a Wall it would be soooo much easier and less expensive. Being Built!
Democrats are becoming the PaRepublicans on the Homeland Security Committee are wasting their time. Democrats, despite all of the evidence, proof and Caravans coming, are not going to give money to build the DESPERATELY needed WALL. I’ve got you covered. Wall is already being built, I don’t expect much help!
....China’s representatives and I are trying to do a complete deal, leaving NOTHING unresolved on the table. All of the many problems are being discussed and will be hopefully resolved. Tariffs on China increase to 25% on March 1st, so all working hard to complete by that date!
....meeting with their top leaders and representatives today in the Oval Office. No final deal will be made until my friend President Xi, and I, meet in the near future to discuss and agree on some of the long standing and more difficult points. Very comprehensive transaction....
China’s top trade negotiators are in the U.S. meeting with our representatives. Meetings are going well with good intent and spirit on both sides. China does not want an increase in Tariffs and feels they will do much better if they make a deal. They are correct. I will be......
With Murders up 33% in Mexico, a record, why wouldn’t any sane person want to build a Wall! Construction has staLets just call them WALLS from now on and stop playing political games! A WALL is a WALL!
Large sections of WALL have already been built with much more either under construction or ready to go. Renovation of existing WALLS is also a very big paSo great to watch &amp, listen to all these people who write books &amp, talk about my presidential campaign and so many others things related to winning, and how I should be doing “IT.” As I take it all in, I then sit back, look around, &amp, say “gee, I’m in the White House, &amp, they’re not!
....Large protests all across Venezuela today against Maduro. The fight for freedom has begun!
Spoke today with Venezuelan Interim President Juan Guaido to congratulate him on his historic assumption of the presidency and reinforced strong United States suppoDow just broke 25,000. Tremendous news!
....a source of potential danger and conflict. They are testing Rockets (last week) and more, and are coming very close to the edge. There economy is now crashing, which is the only thing holding them back. Be careful of Iran. Perhaps Intelligence should go back to school!
The Intelligence people seem to be extremely passive and naive when it comes to the dangers of Iran. They are wrong! When I became President Iran was making trouble all over the Middle East, and beyond. Since ending the terrible Iran Nuclear Deal, they are MUCH different, but....
“Three separate caravans marching to our Border. The numbers are tremendous.” @foxandfriends
If the committee of Republicans and Democrats now meeting on Border Security is not discussing or contemplating a Wall or Physical Barrier, they are Wasting their time!
...Time will tell what will happen with No....Fighting continues but the people of Afghanistan want peace in this never ending war. We will soon see if talks will be successful? NoWhen I became President, ISIS was out of control in Syria &amp, running rampant. Since then tremendous progress made, especially over last 5 weeks. Caliphate will soon be destroyed, unthinkable two years ago. Negotiating are proceeding well in Afghanistan after 18 years of fighting..
Maduro willing to negotiate with opposition in Venezuela following U.S. sanctions and the cutting off of oil revenues. Guaido is being targeted by Venezuelan Supreme Cou“Our economy, right now, is the Gold Standard throughout the World.” @IngrahamAngle So true, and not even close!
A low level staffer that I hardly knew named Cliff Sims wrote yet another boring book based on made up stories and fiction. He pretended to be an insider when in fact he was nothing more than a gofer. He signed a non-disclosure agreement. He is a mess!
How does Da Nang Dick (Blumenthal) serve on the Senate Judiciary Committee when he defrauded the American people about his so called War Hero status in Vietnam, only to later admit, with tears pouring down his face, that he was never in Vietnam. An embarrassment to our Country!
In the beautiful Midwest, windchill temperatures are reaching minus 60 degrees, the coldest ever recorded. In coming days, expected to get even colder. People can’t last outside even for minutes. What the hell is going on with Global Waming? Please come back fast, we need you!
“In the Media’s effoHoward Schultz doesn’t have the “guts” to run for President! Watched him on @60Minutes last night and I agree with him that he is not the “smaNumerous states introducing Bible Literacy classes, giving students the option of studying the Bible. StaTariffs on the “dumping” of Steel in the United States have totally revived our Steel Industry. New and expanded plants are happening all over the U.S. We have not only saved this impoAfter all that I have done for the Military, our great Veterans, Judges (99), Justices (2), Tax &amp, Regulation Cuts, the Economy, Energy, Trade &amp, MUCH MORE, does anybody really think I won’t build the WALL? Done more in first two years than any President! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Jens Stoltenberg, NATO Secretary General, just stated that because of me NATO has been able to raise far more money than ever before from its members after many years of decline. It’s called burden sharing. Also, more united. Dems &amp, Fake News like to poWe are not even into February and the cost of illegal immigration so far this year is $18,959,495,168. Cost Friday was $603,331,392. There are at least 25,772,342 illegal aliens, not the 11,000,000 that have been repo58,000 non-citizens voted in Texas, with 95,000 non-citizens registered to vote. These numbers are just the tip of the iceberg. All over the country, especially in California, voter fraud is rampant. Must be stopped. Strong voter ID! @foxandfriends
WITCH HUNT!
....about all of the one sided Fake Media coverage (collusion with Crooked H?) that I had to endure during my very successful presidential campaign. What about the now revealed bias by Facebook and many others. Roger Stone didn’t even work for me anywhere near the Election!
CBS repo“Ax falls quickly at BuzzFeed and Huffpost!” Headline, New York Post. Fake News and bad journalism have caused a big downturn. Sadly, many others will follow. The people want the Truth!
Only fools, or people with a political agenda, don’t want a Wall or Steel Barrier to protect our Country from Crime, Drugs and Human Trafficking. It will happen - it always does!
“We absolutely need a physical barrier or Wall, whatever you want to call it. The President yesterday laid all that out. We need to do it all, including the Wall. I provided the same information to the previous administration, &amp, it was ignored.” Mark Morgan, Border Chief for “O”!
Thank you to the Republican National Committee, (the RNC), who voted UNANIMOUSLY yesterday to suppoWe have turned away, at great expense, two major Caravans, but a big one has now formed and is coming. At least 8000 people! If we had a powerful Wall, they wouldn’t even try to make the long and dangerous journey. Build the Wall and Crime will Fall!
21 days goes very quickly. Negotiations with Democrats will sta“I like the fact that the President is making the case (Border Security &amp, Crime) to the American people. Now we know where Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer &amp, the Democrats stand, which is no Border Security. Will be big 2020 issue.” Matt Schlapp, Chair, ACU. Bigger than anyone knows!
If Roger Stone was indicted for lying to Congress, what about the lying done by Comey, Brennan, Clapper, Lisa Page &amp, lover, Baker and soooo many others? What about Hillary to FBI and her 33,000 deleted Emails? What about Lisa &amp, Peter’s deleted texts &amp, Wiener’s laptop? Much more!
Greatest Witch Hunt in the History of our Country! NO COLLUSION! Border Coyotes, Drug Dealers and Human Traffickers are treated better. Who aleA third rate conman who interviewed me many years ago for just a shoGreat earnings coming out of Stock Market. Too bad Media doesn’t devote much time to this!
Nancy just said she “just doesn’t understand why?” Very simply, without a Wall it all doesn’t work. Our Country has a chance to greatly reduce Crime, Human Trafficking, Gangs and Drugs. Should have been done for decades. We will not Cave!
Without a Wall there cannot be safety and security at the Border or for the U.S.A. BUILD THE WALL AND CRIME WILL FALL!
...back home where they belong, no more Rockets or M’s being fired over Japan or anywhere else and, most impoThe Fake News Media loves saying “so little happened at my first summit with Kim Jong Un.” Wrong! After 40 years of doing nothing with NoSo interesting that bad lawyer Michael Cohen, who sadly will not be testifying before Congress, is using the lawyer of Crooked Hillary Clinton to represent him - Gee, how did that happen? Remember July 4th weekend when Crooked went before FBI &amp, wasn’t sworn in, no tape, nothing?
The economy is doing great. More people working in U.S.A. today than at any time in our HISTORY. Media barely covers! @foxandfriends
“This is everything FDR dreamed about, the New Deal to put America back to work. Think of LBJ, he gave people food stamps &amp, welfare. Donald Trump’s giving them a job. He’s got a lot of good things to talk about. News stories do not accurately cover him, should correct.” @DougWead
A great new book just out, “Game of Thorns,” by Doug Wead, Presidential Historian and best selling author. The book covers the campaign of 2016, and what could be more exciting than that?
....alternative venue for the SOTU Address because there is no venue that can compete with the history, tradition and impoAs the Shutdown was going on, Nancy Pelosi asked me to give the State of the Union Address. I agreed. She then changed her mind because of the Shutdown, suggesting a later date. This is her prerogative - I will do the Address when the Shutdown is over. I am not looking for an....
BUILD A WALL &amp, CRIME WILL FALL!
BUILD A WALL &amp, CRIME WILL FALL! This is the new theme, for two years until the Wall is finished (under construction now), of the Republican PaGreat unity in the Republican PaDeroy Murdock, National Review: “We are now expoCongratulations to Mariano Rivera on unanimously being elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame! Not only a great player but a great person. I am thankful for Mariano’s suppo...big Crooked Hillary law firm, represented by her lawyer Michael Sussmann (do you believe this?) who worked Baker hard &amp, gave him Oppo Research for “a Russia probe.” This meeting, now exposed, is the subject of Senate inquiries and much more. An Unconstitutional Hoax. @FoxNews
Former FBI top lawyer James Baker just admitted involvement in FISA Warrant and fuThe reason Sarah Sanders does not go to the “podium” much anymore is that the press covers her so rudely &amp, inaccurately, in paThe United States has a great economic story to tell. Number one in the World, by far!
Last time I went to Davos, the Fake News said I should not go there. This year, because of the Shutdown, I decided not to go, and the Fake News said I should be there. The fact is that the people understand the media better than the media understands them!
Never seen @senatemajldr and Republicans so united on an issue as they are on the Humanitarian Crisis &amp, Security on our Southern Border. If we create a Wall or Barrier which prevents Criminals and Drugs from flowing into our Country, Crime will go down by record numbers!
Marist/NPR/PBS Poll shows President Trump’s approval rating among Latinos going to 50%, an increase in one year of 19%. Thank you, working hard!
FBI top lawyer confirms “unusual steps.” They relied on the Clinton Campaign’s Fake &amp, Unverified “Dossier,” which is illegal. “That has corrupted them. That has enabled them to gather evidence by UNCONSTITUTIONAL MEANS, and that’s what they did to the President.” Judge Napolitano
Without a Wall our Country can never have Border or National Security. With a powerful Wall or Steel Barrier, Crime Rates (and Drugs) will go substantially down all over the U.S. The Dems know this but want to play political games. Must finally be done correctly. No Cave!
“The Democrats are playing politics with Border Security.” @foxandfriends
Nick Sandmann and the students of Covington have become symbols of Fake News and how evil it can be. They have captivated the attention of the world, and I know they will use it for the good - maybe even to bring people together. It staLooking like Nick Sandman &amp, Covington Catholic students were treated unfairly with early judgements proving out to be false - smeared by media. Not good, but making big comeback! “New footage shows that media was wrong about teen’s encounter with Native American” @TuckerCarlson
Democrats are kidding themselves (they don’t really believe it!) if they say you can stop Crime, Drugs, Human Trafficking and Caravans without a Wall or Steel Barrier. Stop playing games and give America the Security it deserves. A Humanitarian Crisis!
Four people in Nevada viciously robbed and killed by an illegal immigrant who should not have been in our Country. 26 people killed on the Border in a drug and gang related fight. Two large Caravans from Honduras broke into Mexico and are headed our way. We need a powerful Wall!
If Nancy Pelosi thinks that Walls are “immoral,” why isn’t she requesting that we take down all of the existing Walls between the U.S. and Mexico, even the new ones just built in San Diego at their very strong urging. Let millions of unchecked “strangers” just flow into the U.S.
China posts slowest economic numbers since 1990 due to U.S. trade tensions and new policies. Makes so much sense for China to finally do a Real Deal, and stop playing around!
Today, it was my great honor to visit the MaDemocrats campaigned on working within Washington and “getting things done!” How is that working out? #2020TAKEBACKTHEHOUSE
Today we celebrate Dr. MaLast year was the best year for American Manufacturing job growth since 1997, or 21 years. The previous administration said manufacturing will not come back to the U.S., “you would need a magic wand.” I guess I found the MAGIC WAND - and it is only getting better!
“No President in modern times has kept more promises than Donald Trump!” Thank you Bill Bennett @SteveHiltonx
CuCongratulations to Bob Kraft, Bill Belichick, Tom Brady and the entire New England Patriots team on a great game and season. Will be a fantastic Super Bowl!
To all of the great people who are working so hard for your Country and not getting paid I say, THANK YOU - YOU ARE GREAT PATRIOTS! We must now work together, after decades of abuse, to finally fix the Humanitarian, Criminal &amp, Drug Crisis at our Border. WE WILL WIN BIG!
The Media is not giving us credit for the tremendous progress we have made with NoDon’t forget, we are building and renovating big sections of Wall right now. Moving quickly, and will cost far less than previous politicians thought possible. Building, after all, is what I do best, even when money is not readily available!
Wow, just heard that my poll numbers with Hispanics has gone up 19%, to 50%. That is because they know the Border issue better than anyone, and they want Security, which can only be gotten with a Wall.
Nancy, I am still thinking about the State of the Union speech, there are so many options - including doing it as per your written offer (made during the Shutdown, security is no problem), and my written acceptance. While a contract is a contract, I’ll get back to you soon!
Nancy Pelosi has behaved so irrationally &amp, has gone so far to the left that she has now officially become a Radical Democrat. She is so petrified of the “lefties” in her paNo, Amnesty is not a paNancy Pelosi and some of the Democrats turned down my offer yesterday before I even got up to speak. They don’t see crime &amp, drugs, they only see 2020 - which they are not going to win. Best economy! They should do the right thing for the Country &amp, allow people to go back to work.
Be careful and try staying in your house. Large paAlways heard that as President, “it’s all about the economy!” Well, we have one of the best economies in the history of our Country. Big GDP, lowest unemployment, companies coming back to the U.S. in BIG numbers, great new trade deals happening, &amp, more. But LITTLE media mention!
I will be live from the White House at 4:00 P.M.
Mexico is doing NOTHING to stop the Caravan which is now fully formed and heading to the United States. We stopped the last two - many are still in Mexico but can’t get through our Wall, but it takes a lot of Border Agents if there is no Wall. Not easy!
Many people are saying that the Mainstream Media will have a very hard time restoring credibility because of the way they have treated me over the past 3 years (including the election lead-up), as highlighted by the disgraceful Buzzfeed story &amp, the even more disgraceful coverage!
The Economy is one of the best in our history, with unemployment at a 50 year low, and the Stock Market ready to again break a record (set by us many times) - &amp, all you heard yesterday, based on a phony story, was Impeachment. You want to see a Stock Market Crash, Impeach Trump!
.@newtgingrich just stated that there has been no president since Abraham Lincoln who has been treated worse or more unfairly by the media than your favorite President, me! At the same time there has been no president who has accomplished more in his first two years in office!
Will be leaving for Dover to be with the families of 4 very special people who lost their lives in service to our Country!
Fake News is truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Remember it was Buzzfeed that released the totally discredited “Dossier,” paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats (as opposition research), on which the entire Russian probe is based! A very sad day for journalism, but a great day for our Country!
I will be making a major announcement concerning the Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border, and the Shutdown, tomorrow afternoon at 3 P.M., live from the @WhiteHouse.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Never seen the Republican PaKevin Corke, @FoxNews “Don’t forget, Michael Cohen has already been convicted of perjury and fraud, and as recently as this week, the Wall Street Journal has suggested that he may have stolen tens of thousands of dollars....” Lying to reduce his jail time! Watch father-in-law!
Another big Caravan heading our way. Very hard to stop without a Wall!
“It’s the Democrats keeping everything closed.” @JimInhofe So true!
Why would Nancy Pelosi leave the Country with other Democrats on a seven day excursion when 800,000 great people are not getting paid. Also, could somebody please explain to Nancy &amp, her “big donors” in wine country that people working on farms (grapes) will have easy access in!
Border rancher: “We’ve found prayer rugs out here. It’s unreal.” Washington Examiner People coming across the Southern Border from many countries, some of which would be a big surprise.
Gregg Jarrett: “Mueller’s prosecutors knew the “Dossier” was the product of bias and deception.” It was a Fake, just like so much news coverage in our Country. Nothing but a Witch Hunt, from beginning to end!
“In 2018 alone, 20,000 illegal aliens with criminal records were apprehended trying to cross the Border, and there was a 122% increase in fentanyl being smuggled between poThank you to Amy Kremer, Women for Trump Co-Founder, for doing such a great interview with MaSo funny to watch Schumer groveling. He called for the firing of bad cop James Comey many times - UNTIL I FIRED HIM!
It is becoming more and more obvious that the Radical Democrats are a PaThere are now 77 major or significant Walls built around the world, with 45 countries planning or building Walls. Over 800 miles of Walls have been built in Europe since only 2015. They have all been recognized as close to 100% successful. Stop the crime at our Southern Border!
Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food (I paid), over 1000 hamburgers etc. Within one hour, it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!
Why is Nancy Pelosi getting paid when people who are working are not?
Will be going to Camp David tomorrow morning for meetings on Border Security and many other topics with @WhiteHouse senior staff.
Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food (I paid), over 1000 hamberders etc. Within one hour, it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!
Polls are now showing that people are beginning to understand the Humanitarian Crisis and Crime at the Border. Numbers are going up fast, over 50%. Democrats will soon be known as the PaA big new Caravan is heading up to our Southern Border from Honduras. Tell Nancy and Chuck that a drone flying around will not stop them. Only a Wall will work. Only a Wall, or Steel Barrier, will keep our Country safe! Stop playing political games and end the Shutdown!
Volkswagen will be spending 800 million dollars in Chattanooga, Tennessee. They will be making Electric Cars. Congratulations to Chattanooga and Tennessee on a job well done. A big win!
Just announced that Veterans unemployment has reached an 18 year low, really good news for our Vets and their families. Will soon be an all time low! Do you think the media will repoThe rank and file of the FBI are great people who are disgusted with what they are learning about Lyin’ James Comey and the so-called “leaders” of the FBI. Twelve have been fired or forced to leave. They got caught spying on my campaign and then called it an investigation. Bad!
....I am doing exactly what I pledged to do, and what I was elected to do by the citizens of our great Country. Just as I promised, I am fighting for YOU!
For decades, politicians promised to secure the border, fix our trade deals, bring back our factories, get tough on China, move the Embassy to Jerusalem, make NATO pay their fair share, and so much else - only to do NOTHING (or worse)....
Spoke w/ President Erdogan of Turkey to advise where we stand on all matters including our last two weeks of success in fighting the remnants of ISIS, and 20 mile safe zone. Also spoke about economic development between the U.S. &amp, Turkey - great potential to substantially expand!
The Fake News gets crazier and more dishonest every single day. Amazing to watch as ce“Dems in PueGetting ready to address the Farm Convention today in Nashville, Tennessee. Love our farmers, love Tennessee - a great combination! See you in a little while.
Nancy and Cryin’ Chuck can end the Shutdown in 15 minutes. At this point it has become their, and the Democrats, fault!
I’ve been waiting all weekend. Democrats must get to work now. Border must be secured!
“Gas prices drop across the United States because President Trump has deregulated Energy and we are now producing a great deal more oil than ever before.” @foxandfriends But this is bad news for Russia, why would President Trump do such a thing? Thought he worked for Kremlin?
....Border is eventually going to be militarized and defended or the United States, as we have known it, is going to cease to exist...And Americans will not go gentle into that good night. Patrick Buchanan. The great people of our Country demand proper Border Security NOW!
The Trump poBest line in the Elizabeth Warren beer catastrophe is, to her husband, “Thank you for being here. I’m glad you’re here” It’s their house, he’s supposed to be there!
So sorry to hear the news about Jeff Bozo being taken down by a competitor whose repo....Likewise, do not want the Kurds to provoke Turkey. Russia, Iran and Syria have been the biggest beneficiaries of the long term U.S. policy of destroying ISIS in Syria - natural enemies. We also benefit but it is now time to bring our troops back home. Stop the ENDLESS WARS!
StaWish I could share with everyone the beauty and majesty of being in the White House and looking outside at the snow filled lawns and Rose Garden. Really is something - SPECIAL COUNTRY, SPECIAL PLACE!
Thousands of illegal aliens who have committed sexual crimes against children are right now in Texas prisons. Most came through our Southern Border. We can end this easily - We need a Steel Barrier or Wall. Walls Work! John Jones, Texas DepaThe damage done to our Country from a badly broken Border - Drugs, Crime and so much that is bad - is far greater than a Shutdown, which the Dems can easily fix as soon as they come back to Washington!
I’m in the White House, waiting. The Democrats are everywhere but Washington as people await their pay. They are having fun and not even talking!
The building of the Wall on the Southern Border will bring down the crime rate throughout the entire Country!
We have a massive Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. We will be out for a long time unless the Democrats come back from their “vacations” and get back to work. I am in the White House ready to sign!
....I do have a plan on the Shutdown. But to understand that plan you would have to understand the fact that I won the election, and I promised safety and security for the American people. PaI just watched a Fake repoDemocrats could solve the Shutdown in 15 minutes! Call your Dem Senator or Congresswoman/man. Tell them to get it done! Humanitarian Crisis.
23% of Federal inmates are illegal immigrants. Border arrests are up 240%. In the Great State of Texas, between 2011 &amp, 2018, there were a total of 292,000 crimes by illegal aliens, 539 murders, 32,000 assaults, 3,426 sexual assaults and 3000 weapons charges. Democrats come back!
Democrats should come back to Washington and work to end the Shutdown, while at the same time ending the horrible humanitarian crisis at our Southern Border. I am in the White House waiting for you!
Lyin’ James Comey, Andrew McCabe, Peter S and his lover, agent Lisa Page, &amp, more, all disgraced and/or fired and caught in the act. These are just some of the losers that tried to do a number on your President. PaI have been FAR tougher on Russia than Obama, Bush or Clinton. Maybe tougher than any other President. At the same time, &amp, as I have often said, getting along with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. I fully expect that someday we will have good relations with Russia again!
.....who is being totally protected by his best friend, Bob Mueller, &amp, the 13 Angry Democrats - leaking machines who have NO interest in going after the Real Collusion (and much more) by Crooked Hillary Clinton, her Campaign, and the Democratic National Committee. Just Watch!
....the FBI was in complete turmoil (see N.Y. Post) because of Comey’s poor leadership and the way he handled the Clinton mess (not to mention his usurpation of powers from the Justice Depa...Funny thing about James Comey. Everybody wanted him fired, Republican and Democrat alike. After the rigged &amp, botched Crooked Hillary investigation, where she was interviewed on July 4th Weekend, not recorded or sworn in, and where she said she didn’t know anything (a lie),....
Wow, just learned in the Failing New York Times that the corrupt former leaders of the FBI, almost all fired or forced to leave the agency for some very bad reasons, opened up an investigation on me, for no reason &amp, with no proof, after I fired Lyin’ James Comey, a total sleaze!
.@CNN called a San Diego news station (@KUSINews) for negative repoDrug prices declined in 2018, the first time in nearly half a century. During the first 19 months of my Administration, Americans saved $26 Billion on prescription drugs. Our policies to get cheaper generic drugs to market are working!
I look forward to hosting, right out of the great State of South Carolina, the 2019 NCAA Football Champion Clemson Tigers at the White House on Monday, January 14th. What a game, what a coach, what a team!
...The Steel Barrier, or Wall, should have been built by previous administrations long ago. They never got it done - I will. Without it, our Country cannot be safe. Criminals, Gangs, Human Traffickers, Drugs &amp, so much other big trouble can easily pour in. It can be stopped cold!
Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. I just got back and it is a far worse situation than almost anyone would understand, an invasion! I have been there numerous times - The Democrats, Cryin’ Chuck and Nancy don’t know how bad and dangerous it is for our ENTIRE COUNTRY....
H1-B holders in the United States can rest assured that changes are soon coming which will bring both simplicity and ceI often said during rallies, with little variation, that “Mexico will pay for the Wall.” We have just signed a great new Trade Deal with Mexico. It is Billions of Dollars a year better than the very bad NAFTA deal which it replaces. The difference pays for Wall many times over!
We lose 300 Americans a week, 90% of which comes through the Southern Border. These numbers will be DRASTICALLY REDUCED if we have a Wall!
Because of the Democrats intransigence on Border Security and the great impoPresident Obama, thank you for your great suppoMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Texas! #MAGA
“Great suppoThere is GREAT unity with the Republicans in the House and Senate, despite the Fake News Media working in overdrive to make the story look otherwise. The Opposition PaCryin Chuck told his favorite lie when he used his standard sound bite that I “slammed the table &amp, walked out of the room. He had a temper tantrum.” Because I knew he would say that, and after Nancy said no to proper Border Security, I politely said bye-bye and left, no slamming!
"Gave an OFF THE RECORD luncheon, somewhat of a White House tradition or custom, to network anchors yesterday - and they quickly leaked the contents of the meeting. Who would believe how bad it has gotten with the mainstream media, which has gone totally bonkers!
The Mainstream Media has NEVER been more dishonest than it is now. NBC and MSNBC are going Crazy. They repoJust left a meeting with Chuck and Nancy, a total waste of time. I asked what is going to happen in 30 days if I quickly open things up, are you going to approve Border Security which includes a Wall or Steel Barrier? Nancy said, NO. I said bye-bye, nothing else works!
Thank you to all of America's brave police, deputies, sheriffs, and federal law enforcement on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day! We love you and will always suppoBillions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forest fires that, with proper Forest Management, would never happen. Unless they get their act together, which is unlikely, I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives &amp, money!
Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forrest fires that, with proper Forrest Management, would never happen. Unless they get their act together, which is unlikely, I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives &amp, money!
Our Country is doing so well in so many ways. Great jobs numbers, with a record setting December. We are rebuilding our military. Vets finally have Choice &amp, Accountability. Economy &amp, GDP are strong. Tax &amp, Reg cuts historic. Trade deals great. But we MUST fix our Southern Border!
Thank you for soooo many nice comments regarding my Oval Office speech. A very interesting experience!
Congratulations to a truly great football team, the Clemson Tigers, on an incredible win last night against a powerful Alabama team. A big win also for the Great State of South Carolina. Look forward to seeing the team, and their brilliant coach, for the second time at the W.H.
Talks with China are going very well!
“The President is the biggest and best suppoEconomic numbers looking REALLY good. Can you imagine if I had long term ZERO interest rates to play with like the past administration, rather than the rapidly raised normalized rates we have today. That would have been SO EASY! Still, markets up BIG since 2016 Election!
Endless Wars, especially those which are fought out of judgement mistakes that were made many years ago, &amp, those where we are getting little financial or military help from the rich countries that so greatly benefit from what we are doing, will eventually come to a glorious end!
I am pleased to inform you that I will Address the Nation on the Humanitarian and National Security crisis on our Southern Border. Tuesday night at 9:00 P.M. Eastern.
The Failing New York Times has knowingly written a very inaccurate story on my intentions on Syria. No different from my original statements, we will be leaving at a proper pace while at the same time continuing to fight ISIS and doing all else that is prudent and necessary!.....
Congressman Adam Smith, the new Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, just stated, “Yes, there is a provision in law that says a president can declare an emergency. It’s been done a number of times.” No doubt, but let’s get our deal done in Congress!
With all of the success that our Country is having, including the just released jobs numbers which are off the chaV.P. Mike Pence and group had a productive meeting with the Schumer/Pelosi representatives today. Many details of Border Security were discussed. We are now planning a Steel Barrier rather than concrete. It is both stronger &amp, less obtrusive. Good solution, and made in the U.S.A.
Our GREAT MILITARY has delivered justice for the heroes lost and wounded in the cowardly attack on the USS Cole. We have just killed the leader of that attack, Jamal al-Badawi. Our work against al Qaeda continues. We will never stop in our fight against Radical Islamic Terrorism!
Excited to see our friends in Egypt opening the biggest Cathedral in the Middle East. President El-Sisi is moving his country to a more inclusive future!
....The only reason they do not want to build a Wall is that Walls Work! 99% of our illegal Border crossings will end, crime in our Country will go way down and we will save billions of dollars a year! A properly planned and constructed Wall will pay for itself many times a year!
“We simply cannot allow people to pour into the United States undetected, undocumented, unchecked...” Barrack Obama, 2005. I voted, when I was a Senator, to build a barrier to try to prevent illegal immigrants from coming in...” Hillary Clinton, 2015.
AP-NORC POLL: “Immigration among the top concerns in 2019.” People want to stop drugs and criminals at the Border. Want Border Security! Tell the Dems to do the inevitable now, rather than later. The wait is costly and dangerous!
“The number of employed Americans has now set a 14th record under President Trump. Over the year, average hourly earnings have increased by 84 cents, or 3.2%. Pa“Jobs up big, plus 312,000. Record number working. Manufacturing best in 20 years (Previous administration said this could not happen). Hispanic unemployment lowest ever. Dow plus 747 (for day).” @DRUDGE_REPOV.P. Mike Pence and team just left the White House. Briefed me on their meeting with the Schumer/Pelosi representatives. Not much headway made today. Second meeting set for tomorrow. After so many decades, must finally and permanently fix the problems on the Southern Border!
Drug makers and companies are not living up to their commitments on pricing. Not being fair to the consumer, or to our Country!
“Former @NYTimes editor Jill Abramson rips paper's ‘unmistakably anti-Trump’ bias.”Ms. Abramson is 100% correct. Horrible and totally dishonest repoGreat Tweet today by Tyler Q. Houlton @SpoxDHS on the #FakeNews being put out by @CNN, a proud member of the Opposition PaThe Democrats want Billions of Dollars for Foreign Aid, but they don’t want to spend a small fraction of that number on properly securing our Border. Figure that one out!
We are working hard at the Border, but we need a WALL! In 2018, 1.7 million pounds of narcotics seized, 17,000 adults arrested with criminal records, and 6000 gang members, including MS-13, apprehended. A big Human Trafficking problem.
I don’t care that most of the workers not getting paid are Democrats, I want to stop the Shutdown as soon as we are in agreement on Strong Border Security! I am in the White House ready to go, where are the Dems?
Many people currently a paThe Democrats could solve the Shutdown problem in a very shoGreat suppoThank you to Kanye West for your nice words. Criminal Justice Reform is now law - passed in a very bipaGreat new book by Dr. RobeThe story in the New York Times regarding Jim Webb being considered as the next Secretary of Defense is FAKE NEWS. I’m sure he is a fine man, but I don’t know Jim, and never met him. Patrick Shanahan, who is Acting Secretary of Defense, is doing a great job!
GREAT JOBS NUMBERS JUST ANNOUNCED!
How do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time, done nothing wrong (no Collusion with Russia, it was the Dems that Colluded), had the most successful first two years of any president, and is the most popular Republican in paAs I have stated many times, if the Democrats take over the House or Senate, there will be disruption to the Financial Markets. We won the Senate, they won the House. Things will settle down. They only want to impeach me because they know they can’t win in 2020, too much success!
....President Trump deserves a lot of credit, but again, you have the anti-Trump people who are not going to give him a lot of credit.”
The RNC has a great Chairwoman in Ronna McDaniel and the @GOP has never been stronger. We achieved historic wins with her help last year! #MAGA🇺🇸
The United States Treasury has taken in MANY billions of dollars from the Tariffs we are charging China and other countries that have not treated us fairly. In the meantime we are doing well in various Trade Negotiations currently going on. At some point this had to be done!
The Shutdown is only because of the 2020 Presidential Election. The Democrats know they can’t win based on all of the achievements of “Trump,” so they are going all out on the desperately needed Wall and Border Security - and Presidential Harassment. For them, strictly politics!
Sadly, there can be no REAL Border Security without the Wall!
...I remain ready and willing to work with Democrats to pass a bill that secures our borders, suppoImpoMexico is paying for the Wall through the new USMCA Trade Deal. Much of the Wall has already been fully renovated or built. We have done a lot of work. $5.6 Billion Dollars that House has approved is very little in comparison to the benefits of National Security. Quick payback!
Here we go with Mitt Romney, but so fast! Question will be, is he a Flake? I hope not. Would much prefer that Mitt focus on Border Security and so many other things where he can be helpful. I won big, and he didn’t. He should be happy for all Republicans. Be a TEAM player &amp, WIN!
For FAR TOO LONG Senate Democrats have been Obstructing more than 350 Nominations. These great Americans left their jobs to serve our Country, but can’t because Dems are blocking them, some for two years-historic record. Passed committees, but Schumer putting them on hold. Bad!
Do you think it’s just luck that gas prices are so low, and falling? Low gas prices are like another Tax Cut!
“Kim Jong Un says NoWashington Examiner - “MAGA list: 205 ‘historic results’ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election.” True!
Gas prices are low and expected to go down this year. This would be good!
Border Security and the Wall “thing” and Shutdown is not where Nancy Pelosi wanted to staCongratulations to President @JairBolsonaro who just made a great inauguration speech - the U.S.A. is with you!
One thing has now been proven. The Democrats do not care about Open Borders and all of the crime and drugs that Open Borders bring!
The Democrats, much as I suspected, have allocated no money for a new Wall. So imaginative! The problem is, without a Wall there can be no real Border Security - and our Country must finally have a Strong and Secure Southern Border!
Happy New Year!
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYONE, INCLUDING THE HATERS AND THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA! 2019 WILL BE A FANTASTIC YEAR FOR THOSE NOT SUFFERING FROM TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME. JUST CALM DOWN AND ENJOY THE RIDE, GREAT THINGS ARE HAPPENING FOR OUR COUNTRY!
Dr. Sebastian Gorka, a very good and talented guy, has a great new book just out, “Why We Fight.” Lots of insight - Enjoy!
...Remember this. Throughout the ages some things NEVER get better and NEVER change. You have Walls and you have Wheels. It was ALWAYS that way and it will ALWAYS be that way! Please explain to the Democrats that there can NEVER be a replacement for a good old fashioned WALL!
The Democrats will probably submit a Bill, being cute as always, which gives everything away but gives NOTHING to Border Security, namely the Wall. You see, without the Wall there can be no Border Security - the Tech “stuff” is just, by comparison, meaningless bells &amp, whistles...
MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL through the many billions of dollars a year that the U.S.A. is saving through the new Trade Deal, the USMCA, that will replace the horrendous NAFTA Trade Deal, which has so badly huSTOCK MARKET AT ALL-TIME HIGH! HOW ARE YOUR 409K’S DOING? 70%, 80%, 90% up? Only 50% up! What are you doing wrong?
Iran is talking very boldly about targeting ce....followed, and then it was withdrawn. The Democrats argument for impeachment has not gotten stronger over the last few weeks. As Senator Josh Hawley just said, he’s going to enter a Motion to Dismiss the Impeachment Trial because it’s never actually been brought to trial.”
....different places that he thought were wasteful, and the career staff, as they always do, pushed back, and nade s million excuses as to why they could not possibly stop spending U.S.taxpayer money. There was a back &amp, foChristopher Bedford, The Federalist Senior Editor. “There is NOTHING NEW in these Emails at all that’s been discovered. It’s exactly what we knew before, which is that the White House &amp, political figures wanted to cut off aid, Trump wanted to question aid to a number of....
As hard as I work, &amp, as successful as our Country has become with our Economy, our Military &amp, everything else, it is ashame that the Democrats make us spend so much time &amp, money on this ridiculous Impeachment Lite Hoax. I should be able to devote all of my time to the REAL USA!
....followed, and then it was withdrawn. The Democrats argument for impeachment has not gotten stronger over the last few weeks. As Senator Josh Hawley just said, he’s going to enter a Motion to Dismiss the Impeachment Trial because it’s never actually been brought to trial.”
....different places that he thought were wasteful, and the career staff, as they always do, pushed back, and made a million excuses as to why they could not possibly stop spending U.S. taxpayer money. There was a back &amp, foIran never won a war, but never lost a negotiation!
One of my greatest honors was to have gotten CHOICE approved for our great Veterans. Others have tried for decades, and failed! https://t.co/NcVbbnJust signed an order to suppoSuburban women want Safety & Security. Joe Biden cannot give that to anyone! https://t.co/NWSZ5tGz5E